Crime is down in Baltimore, but concerns about it still
pervade the congregation of Southern Baptist Church in
Broadway East, the sanctuary's pastor says. "People are
talking about crime and the ethos of the lack of safety,"
Bishop Donte L. Hickman Sr. said. "For people that come
out, whether it's in the day or in the night, [they] don't
feel safe." Historic declines in homicides and nonfatal
shootings in Baltimore drove violent crime down overall in
the city by 3% in 2024, compared to 2023, and 1% over 2022.
Property crime, which includes burglaries and thefts,
dropped 19% compared to 2023, although the figure is still
16% greater than in 2022. "The perception is that it's the
same," Hickman said. "Quite frankly, I've had members of my
church of all ages that have necessitated us to pay for
security personnel to have them come to church." So why
don't some city residents feel any safer? The public's
perception of crime can be influenced by a variety of
factors, according to experts who study the issue. Whether
it's news media giving disproportionate attention to crime
or someone's lived experience, residents' feelings about
public safety are unlikely to align with statistics. "When
people are thinking about what leads or contributes to
their fear of crime, for some people maybe it's shaped by
word of mouth, but it's also what people see and experience
in different neighborhoods," said Demar F. Lewis IV,
assistant professor of criminology and criminal justice at
University of Maryland, College Park. He and his colleagues
have conducted a study in which they surveyed more than 90
Black Baltimoreans and found that most respondents'
perceptions were "based on what they see and experience in
day-to-day life," which depended on where they lived. There
were neighborhoods that saw precipitous declines in violent
crime, like South Baltimore's Brooklyn community, which saw
an approximately 30% decrease in violence in 2024 compared
to the year prior. But violence remained stubbornly high in
others, like Penn North, which averaged 11 violent crimes
per 100 residents in 2023 and 2024. A member of the Penn
North Community Association, who asked not to be identified
out of concerns for their safety, said they've recognized
progress in the police department's response to crime, but
that bad actors from all over the city are conducting
criminal activity, like dealing drugs, in their community.
"The police department, especially our neighborhood
coordinating officer, they're keeping it lower than what it
used to be," the community association member said. "This
is something that comes up at the community meetings. The
police are doing the best job they can to clean it up, but
they're still out there." Houses in Penn North once owned
by Black longshoremen were left vacant when they died and
their children left the community, creating blight where
crime can proliferate. But the community association member
said they expect improvements as investment continues to
pour into the community, including a new recreation center
and blight remediation initiatives. "They're slowly
rebuilding the neighborhood," the community association
member said. Violence 'traumatizes the community' Erricka
Bridgeford of Baltimore Peace Movement, formerly Baltimore
Ceasefire, said residents are likely swayed by many years
of persistently high levels of violence. In 2023, Baltimore
recorded fewer than 300 killings for the first time in
eight years. There have been many more hundreds of nonfatal
shootings each year, not to mention the numerous assaults,
robberies and carjackings that happen each year. "That
level of trauma, you begin to believe whatever your
experience is," said Bridgeford, who lost her brother to
violence. "It's hard for you to believe it if it's not what
you've personally seen." Homicides and nonfatal shootings
haven't impacted Southeast Baltimore to the extent they
have other parts of the city, said Arch McKown, safety
committee chairperson of Patterson Park Neighborhood
Association. But he says his community has been afflicted
of late with violent "crimes of opportunity" like
carjackings and robberies. "It's a person who's a stranger
to them who's come to take something from them through
force or threat of force. I think that has a chilling
effect on the victim. It traumatizes the family. It also
traumatizes the community," McKown said. "People don't
perseverate on the, 'Oh my god, is this the murder
capital?'" McKown added. "It's in the back of people's
minds. But really when you're talking about visitors to
Baltimore, it's the violent crimes of opportunity that
freak people out." McKown said property crimes like package
theft and larceny from cars also drive dialogue. "A lot of
neighbors tell me they feel violated when those crimes
happen to them. Even though they're not physically hurt, or
traumatized from the violence of it, they feel violated,"
McKown said. "It's enough of an impetus where people say:
'We could move out to the suburbs where package theft isn't
a thing.'" At a recent community association potluck,
McKown said, crime remained on residents' minds. "I can't
tell you how many people came up to me and said: 'What's
going on with the crime?' and 'Is it safe to walk?'" McKown
said. "I think people should be aware that it's a thing but
I think that you can mitigate a lot of it personally if you
take the steps to be safer when you're out and about. And
most of that is just being situationally aware." Benn Ray,
president of the Hampden Village Merchants Association and
owner of Atomic Books, believes there's a distinction in
crime perception between people who live in Baltimore and
those who reside in its suburbs. For many who call the city
home, Ray said, "It's not something that we live in
constant fear and concern about." But outside of Baltimore,
he said, "it's to a point where you can have crime taking
place in Baltimore County or any of the other counties ...
and most of the people who live outside the city, somewhere
in their mind, are blaming the city for it." "A downward
tick in crime numbers is great. We're all for it. But it's
not going to negate those perceptions," Ray said, adding
that media stories about crime outweigh the statistics. "It
immediately undermines any effect those crime numbers have
and reinforces those prejudices. It's going to take more
than a yearly downtick in crime numbers to overcome that
perception." The media drives perceptions of crime Ray and
Bridgeford, along with experts, said media - particularly
local TV stations - play an outsized role in shaping
people's perceptions of crime. Research has found that
crime coverage dominates local news broadcasts. Hickman,
McKown and the Penn North Community Association member each
mentioned youth crime as a topic of concern to them and
their constituents. A December study of coverage by media
outlets in Baltimore during the first half of 2024, found
that the news organizations gave disproportionate coverage
to youth crime, "providing their audiences with skewed and
misleading information." The report by the Sentencing
Project - a progressive Washington, D.C.,-based nonprofit
that advocates for ending mass incarceration, looked at a
sample of 100 stories taken from the nearly 2,700 stories
produced by four TV news stations (WBAL, WBFF, WMAR and
WJZ), as well as The Baltimore Sun and the Baltimore Banner
news site. Of the six media outlets, the report concluded
that The Sun's content partner, WBFF (FOX45), "relative to
other news outlets, was much more likely to air
sensationalized coverage highlighting youth crime incidents
and perceived leniency in the justice system." Christoph
Mergerson, assistant professor at the University of
Maryland's Philip Merrill College of Journalism, said news
organizations have since the 19th century covered crime "in
the most eye-catching way possible." "Newspapers and other
news organizations, it's important for them to cover issues
that are of concern to the community," said Mergerson, who
teaches journalism history, adding that covering crime
could be part of a publication's mission. "The flip side of
that is that it's good business to publish stories that are
going to draw public attention. It's good for
subscriptions. It's good for advertising revenue," he said.
"Sometimes news organizations go overboard with that."
"Giving disproportionate attention to crime in cities with
large populations of people of color can have "a racialized
aspect," Mergerson warned. "News organizations have to be
careful not to play into those stereotypes ... not to play
into people's existing fears." Bridgeford believes the
media deserves substantial blame for the perception of
crime in Baltimore. "Quantity-wise, more positive things
happen than negative things. But when you turn on the TV or
pick up the newspaper, that's not what it looks like,"
Bridgeford said. Shelonda Stokes, president of the Downtown
Partnership, has been trying to draw investors and visitors
Downtown, which had the most violent crimes of any
neighborhood in 2024 and the third most per capita among
neighborhoods with at least 500 residents. Talk of crime
"permeates all tables, all rooms and it hits us differently
depending on your experience," Stokes said, so it's up to
leaders to put forth a different message. Stokes' brother,
James Blue III, was shot dead in 2022 in front of a house
he was renovating in North Baltimore. "I think there is a
disconnect in perception and reality. At the same time, if
you don't feel safe, then part of it is how do we start to
do things to" get people to experience the best parts of
Baltimore, Stokes said. "When we get them here, when we get
them beyond what they think is a barrier, they love it."
Baltimore Sun data editor Steve Earley contributed to this
article. Have a news tip? Contact Alex Mann at and
@alex_mann10 on X. Classification
