Headline:
 Ben Shapiro Relays Personal Story About Crime To Explain Failed Media Attacks On Trump 

Date:
 Oct 23, 2024 

Article Text:
 "This is why people increasingly don't give a s*** about the media's latest horror story about Trump Saying Bad Things™."
Daily Wire Editor Emeritus Ben Shapiro on Wednesday relayed a personal story about crime in Los Angeles to underscore the reality that such issues are actually what Americans care about, not the latest opposition research dump on former President Donald Trump.
Shapiro, who recently spoke at UCLA, said he went out to dinner this week in a nice part of Los Angeles with his wife and another couple. When they left to head home, at around 10:30 p.m., his friends were robbed by three young black males who are still at large.
“You want to know why nobody cares about the Left-wing media’s latest oppo dump?” Shapiro explained, both on X and his Wednesday podcast. “The answer is obvious: people care about the quality of their lives. And life is getting worse under Democratic governance.”
“Here’s just a quick story,” he continued. “We’re in LA this week. So we decided to go out with some friends, a husband and wife. Nice area of the city, well lit, not too late at night. We finish dinner at around 10:30 and head back to our car. Since my wife and I have 24/7 security, we’re safe. Not so for our friends.”
When they got to their car, Shapiro said, “a Hyundai without plates speeds up and stops. Three young black guys jump out of the car (suspect description relevant because they’re still at large!) and rush up to my friend, yank him out of his car, and grab his watch, phone and wallet. They then sprint around the car and grab his wife, start trying to pull off her jewelry. She screams and kicks, and presumably losing time, they take off in top gear down the street.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
The three suspects have still not been identified by LAPD, Shapiro explained, adding that it took about 15 minutes for police to even arrive on the scene. But that is “not their fault,” he said, but due to Left-wing policies and activism.
“LA is wildly understaffed, and the LAPD has been treated horribly by the city government, such that officers have been targeted for simply doing their jobs,” Shapiro said. “I know and am friends with many of them.”
“My friend and his wife weren’t armed up, either, because it’s nearly impossible to carry a gun in LA legally, and also because if you shoot a criminal in LA, there’s a solid shot YOU end up in jail,” he said.
Shapiro said these two friends have been assaulted more than once on the streets of LA, and there have been no arrests and no prosecutions of the suspects. In one instance, the wife was physically assaulted by a homeless man and the husband had a knife drawn on him.
“This is why people increasingly don’t give a s*** about the media’s latest horror story about Trump Saying Bad Things™,” Shapiro mocked.
Left-wing outlet The Atlantic recently circulated a story about Trump allegedly disparaging a slain soldier. The soldier’s own family, though, say they support Trump and have criticized The Atlantic for politicizing their family member’s death.
“The same people who maintain that street crime is no big deal, or a reflection of institutional racism, or that inflation is hunky dory, or that the biggest issue in American life is whether or not Billy has the right to be called Susan…these are not serious people,” Shapiro said.
“But people’s lives are serious business. And bad governance means worse lives for people,” he closed.
You want to know why nobody cares about the Left-wing media’s latest oppo dump? The answer is obvious: people care about the quality of their lives. And life is getting worse under Democratic governance.
Here’s just a quick story.
We’re in LA this week. So we decided to go out…
— Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) October 23, 2024
Related: The Atlantic Accuses Trump Of Disparaging Slain Soldier. The Soldier’s Family Responds.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
