Headline:
 Biden: MAGA Republicans ‘Are The Kind Of Guys You’d Like To Smack In The A**’ 

Date:
 Nov 2, 2024 

Article Text:
 "He’s intentionally trying to hurt Harris and no one can convince me differently at this point."
President Joe Biden raised eyebrows on Saturday while he was stumping for Vice President Kamala Harris in the critical swing state of Pennsylvania.
Biden, who has often capitalized on his ties to Scranton, Pennsylvania, during political campaigns, was attempting to help Harris over the line with just a few days left until the November 5th general election. While speaking to the crowd, he riffed on the Democratic Party’s political nemeses — MAGA Republicans — and said that they were “the kind of guys you’d like to smack in the a**.”
WATCH:
Biden: MAGA Republicans "are the kind of guys you'd like to smack in the ass."pic.twitter.com/sflWWrAPMc
— Greg Price (@greg_price11) November 2, 2024

“But I’m serious,” Biden said, baring his teeth. “These are the kind of guys you’d like to smack in the a**.”
“He’s intentionally trying to hurt Harris and no one can convince me differently at this point,” Meghan McCain commented on the video.
He’s intentionally trying to hurt Harris and no one can convince me differently at this point. https://t.co/aueRQkJxCZ
— Meghan McCain (@MeghanMcCain) November 2, 2024

“Smack in the ass. . . Huh,” Ned Ryun added.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
Smack in the ass. . . Huh. https://t.co/ejP8yOmLQ2
— Ned Ryun (@nedryun) November 2, 2024

“Biden is constantly preaching violence. He’s a weak, old, coward. And was always a miserable punk,” radio host Mark Levin said.
Biden is constantly preaching violence. He’s a weak, old, coward. And was always a miserable punk. https://t.co/U7uGJF8OQ4
— Mark R. Levin (@marklevinshow) November 2, 2024

“This must be the young, joyful, Democrat unity we’ve been hearing so much about. These people are freaking nuts!!!!” another added.
“If you’re wondering why @KamalaHarris let Biden anywhere near a microphone, it’s because they’re losing PA so badly they rolled the dice sending ‘Scranton Joe’ back in there. Oops,” another commented.
If you’re wondering why @KamalaHarris let Biden anywhere near a microphone, it’s because they’re losing PA so badly they rolled the dice sending “Scranton Joe” back in there.
Oops. https://t.co/BoXOTIKywe
— IT Guy (@ITGuy1959) November 2, 2024

Biden landed himself in hot water earlier in the week for referring to former President Donald Trump’s supporters as “garbage” in reaction to a comedian’s joke during Trump’s rally last week at Madison Square Garden.
Tony “Kill Tony” Hinchcliffe, well known as a roast comedian, made a crack about Puerto Rico being an island “made entirely of garbage,” prompting outrage primarily from Democrats. Biden, counting himself among the outraged, said, “The only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters.”
The White House and legacy media worked overtime to unring the bell, trying to claim that he had meant to say that their rhetoric demonizing others was “garbage.” Even the official White House transcript was altered, over the objections of official stenographers.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
