Headline:
 CNN Fact-Checks Walz’s Lie About Loss Of Jobs Under Trump 

Date:
 Oct 22, 2024 

Article Text:
 "It’s not true that the Trump presidency lost more manufacturing jobs than any other presidency," the CNN analyst said.
CNN analyst fact-checked Vice President Kamala Harris’ running mate Democrat Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz‘s lie about the loss of manufacturing jobs under former President Donald Trump.
Walz appeared on “The View” Monday and said, “Donald Trump lost more manufacturing jobs than any president in American history. That’s simply factual.”
Not one of the hosts of the ABC talk show pushed back on the lie, but CNN did and reported that “Walz’s claim is false.”
“Well, if you’re going to say something is simply factual, it should be factual,” CNN analyst Daniel Dale said. “This is not. It’s not true that the Trump presidency lost more manufacturing jobs than any other presidency.”
HOLY SHT!
CNN just fact checked Tim Walz and exposed a blatant LIE!
He tried to say that Trump “lost more manufacturing jobs than any president in American history”
Daniel Dale: “If you’re going to say something is simply factual, it should be factual. This is NOT true.”… pic.twitter.com/GB3SNqNiE2
— Gunther Eagleman™ (@GuntherEagleman) October 22, 2024
“Under George W. Bush, there were about 4.5 million manufacturing jobs lost,” he added. “Under Trump, it was about 178,000. There are also more manufacturing jobs lost, than under Trump, under Eisenhower, under Ford, under Reagan, so Trump does not have the record.”
​​“I think it’s also worth pointing out for context that these Trump job losses in manufacturing overwhelmingly occurred because of the COVID pandemic,” the analyst continued. “Pre-pandemic under Trump, there was a gain of about 414,000 manufacturing jobs.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
A CNN report noted that official statistics show that significantly more manufacturing jobs were also lost during the presidencies of “George H.W. Bush (1.27 million)” and under former President Barack Obama (195,000) than under Trump, providing the numbers under Eisenhower (1.2 million), Ford (767,000), and Reagan (582,000).
The CNN report also pointed out that because Trump only had one term so far, his loss of jobs does not even set a record among those presidents who only served once.
During the 2024 campaign, Trump has focused much of his attention on the economy, blasting the Biden-Harris administration’s record on the issue. Voters also list the economy and inflation, which reached 9.1% under President Joe Biden, as the top issues heading into the election.
Harris has also focused on addressing Americans’ economic woes during her campaign and has largely blamed corporate greed for a rise in prices. In August, Harris proposed “the first-ever federal ban on corporate price-gouging,” a policy that was compared to Soviet-style price controls on food.
Zach Jewell contributed to this piece.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
