Headline:
 Dave Portnoy, Megyn Kelly Slam Pearl-Clutching About Trump McDonald’s Visit 

Date:
 Oct 21, 2024 

Article Text:
 'He looked like a real person there, connecting with the average American. If you can't see that, you're totally blind,' Uygur wrote.
Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy, Sirius XM host Megyn Kelly and more have destroyed the left’s pearl-clutching over former President Donald Trump’s stop at McDonald’s in Pennsylvania where he worked the drive-thru and as a fry cooker for 15 minutes on Sunday.
Media outlets like Rolling Stone magazine, Newsweek, and CNN have slammed Trump for what they’ve called a “bizarre” photo-op and a “staged” event for his 15 minutes of work at McDonald’s, where he drew attention to the claim by Vice President Kamala Harris that she worked there in college, though the campaign has yet to provide proof.
Portnoy took to social media and sarcastically wrote on X that, “Woodward and Bernstein who?  Looks like @Newsweek just wrapped up the Pulitzer for investigative journalism.  Next up. Rumors Santa may not be real….”
The host of “The Megyn Kelly Show” podcast agreed, and reposted a screenshot of one person’s response to the Newsweek headline calling it “perfect.” The person wrote sarcastically “Wait he wasn’t actually hired as the new fry guy?”
The host of “Young Turks” Cenk Uygur posted on social media and wrote, “Some in the press called Trump’s McDonald’s photo-op bizarre. This is how you lose credibility.”
“That was a home run photo-op,” he added.”He looked like a real person there, connecting with the average American. If you can’t see that, you’re totally blind.”
Woodward and Bernstein who? Looks like @Newsweek just wrapped up the Pulitzer for investigative journalism. Next up. Rumors Santa may not be real…. https://t.co/vaXvUAYCqF
— Dave Portnoy (@stoolpresidente) October 21, 2024
The Federalist’s Mollie Hemingway wrote, “Where would we be without corporate media telling us that Donald Trump is *not* an actual McDonald’s employee…”
Daily Wire host Matt Walsh also saw the Newsweek post and said jokingly on X, “This is false. Trump applied for the position online two weeks ago. He got the job and showed up to work his shift. The hours aren’t flexible enough to allow him to run for president though, so my sources tell me he’ll be transitioning into a part time cashier role at Kroger.”
Another person wrote that Newsweek should “dust off the mantle, the Pulitzer Prize is on the way.” And “Mark my words, once the press takes down Trump in the McWatergate scandal, enrollment in journalism schools will quadruple.”
Newsweek later doubled down on its Trump-McD’s piece with a second one about how the McDonald’s where Trump appeared had “failed its last health inspection.”
“An inspection report for the McDonald’s restaurant in Pennsylvania cited employees not having ‘hands clean and properly washed,'” the X post read.
Daily Wire Editor Emeritus and host Ben Shapiro reacted to the headlines and wrote that the reason Leftists are “losing their minds over Trump’s McDonald’s campaign appearance” is “because it demonstrates that he likes and cares about regular Americans. That’s genuine. As opposed to Kamala, who must receive a briefing session to pretend to care.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
