Headline:
 Democrat Man — Who Uses She/Her Pronouns — Arrested For Allegedly Threatening To Kill Trump 

Date:
 Oct 29, 2024 

Article Text:
 "I hate Donald Trump. I’d like to shoot that guy," the Democrat allegedly said.
A male Pennsylvania Democrat — who uses she/her pronouns — was arrested after he allegedly said he would like to shoot former President Donald Trump ahead of a rally at Pennsylvania State University.
The 74-year-old resident, Paul J. Gavenonis, was reportedly overheard saying he’d like to shoot Trump while he was purchasing a parking pass at the university transportation office ahead of Trump’s rally on Saturday at the college, the Lexington Herald Leader reported.
The staff member at the transportation office became alarmed by his comments and called the police.
According to the university police, the registered Democrat described how he planned to climb to the top of one of the buildings and said, “You can’t take a gun in or the students will see it,” the outlet noted. He was also quoted allegedly saying, “I hate Donald Trump. I’d like to shoot that guy.”
Another “white dude for Harris”
Paul J Gavenonis arrested for allegedly threatening to kiII Trump. He was allegedly overheard saying “I’d like to shoot that guy” ahead of Trump’s Penn State rally.
Gavenonis was charged with making t*rr*ristic threats and disorderly conduct. pic.twitter.com/E1L0RIREHx
— PNW Conservative (@UnderWashington) October 29, 2024
The man was then interviewed by both Penn State police and the Secret Service, where police quoted him as saying, “Frankly, I hope somebody would get him.” After his arrest, he reportedly admitted to the police that he had a rifle at his home.
Gavenonis was charged with misdemeanor counts of terroristic threats and disorderly conduct, the outlet noted.
He was arraigned on Friday by District Judge Steven Lachman, who denied bail for Gavenonis. The Democrat is currently incarcerated at the Centre County Correctional Facility, the outlet noted. His preliminary hearing is scheduled for Wednesday, October 30.
Gavenonis’ arrest follows two assassination attempts against Trump in the last few months of the 2024 campaign, as The Daily Wire reported.
In September, the former president was targeted in an apparent assassination attempt, when a 58-year-old man hid out for 12 hours near Trump’s golf course in Florida, allegedly to take a shot at him.
The assassination attempt came just two months after Trump was on stage at his rally in Butler, Pennsylvania, on July 13 when a gunman opened fire, hitting him in the ear, killing one Trump supporter, and injuring two others at the rally.
20-year-old shooter Thomas Matthew Crooks opened fire, hitting Trump in the side of the head, killing rally-goer Corey Comperatore, and injuring two others, Jim Copenhaver and David Dutch.
A Secret Service sniper shot and killed Crooks while other personnel rushed to protect Trump and escort him off the stage.
Secret Service Director Kimberly Cheatle resigned after the shooting, one day after testifying before the House as she faced backlash over the security failure underlying the Trump rally shooting.
Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas then announced that Ronald Rowe, the Secret Service’s deputy director, would become acting director.
Rowe said it was clear to him that “other protective enhancements could have strengthened our security” at the rally and listed some directives he made, as previously reported.
Daniel Chaitin contributed to this piece.
Related: 911 Calls Released From Trump Butler Assassination Attempt
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
