Headline:
 Economic Guru Dave Ramsey Backs Trump, Has Strong Message For The Haters 

Date:
 Oct 19, 2024 

Article Text:
 "You can leave, but you can't cancel me."
Money expert Dave Ramsey told his listeners this week he’s voting for former President Donald Trump in the 2024 election — marking the first time Ramsey has publicly backed a presidential candidate.
“I’m gonna tell ya, I’m voting for Donald Trump,” Ramsey said on “The Ramsey Show.”
“I’m looking at ideas, and which ideas land on which side of the aisle — where am I most likely gonna get a tax policy I like; an immigration policy I like; a foreign policy I like; where am I most likely to get a gun policy I like; a climate change policy I like; a ‘woke’ policy I like, that I agree with?” he outlined. “I can check those boxes very clearly, very quickly on these two candidates.”
The announcement seemed to come as a surprise to Rachel Cruz, Ramsey’s daughter, who interjected, “Oh my gosh — are we going here?”
“It’s okay,” Ramsey reassured her, before detailing how it doesn’t bother him if people are angry about his public backing of Trump.
“Some of you are never gonna listen to me again after this — that’s okay,” Ramsey said. “I can deal with that. That’s happened to me for 30 years. People have threatened me with, ‘I’m going to cancel you.’ That’s hard to do. I own the show.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
“You’re not gonna get to cancel me,” he emphasized. “You can leave, but you can’t cancel me.”
WATCH:
Dave Ramsey endorses Donald Trump on his radio show, says listeners can leave if they’re upset with him, but they can’t cancel him because he owns the show. pic.twitter.com/ypsTzbaZPH
— Clay Travis (@ClayTravis) October 18, 2024
Ramsey has a tendency to stay out of politics and routinely tells his audience that they can protect and grow their wealth no matter who is in the White House. The host, though, did reach out to both Vice President Kamala Harris and Trump last month, hoping to speak to them about economic issues as so many Americans struggle. Only Trump agreed to the interview.
“Several weeks ago, our team reached out [to] Vice President Harris and President Donald Trump and offered the ability to sit down and have a discussion about ideas,” Ramsey said. “The Harris camp has our request, and the last word we got, it was under review. So it’s not been a yes, not been a no from them.”
Trump, though, quickly agreed, and Ramsey sat down with the former president for an interview mostly about economic issues.
Several weeks ago, our team reached out Vice President Harris and President Donald Trump and offered the ability to sit down and have a discussion about ideas.
I’m sick and tired of all the mudslinging. I like to talk about ideas, because I think ideas are worth fighting over… pic.twitter.com/VOM59UmTTx
— Dave Ramsey (@DaveRamsey) September 27, 2024
Related: Economic Guru Dave Ramsey Asked Both Trump And Kamala For Interview. Here’s What Happened
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
