Headline:
 ‘Happy All Saints’ Day!’: Trump Promotes Another Catholic Feast Day 

Date:
 Nov 1, 2024 

Article Text:
 The former president is leading Kamala Harris among swing state Catholics
Former President Donald Trump celebrated yet another Catholic feast day in a social media post on Friday.
The Republican presidential nominee posted an image of Jesus Christ on the cross, surrounded by saints, angels, Saint John the Apostle, and Mary, Jesus Christ’s mother, in celebration of All Saints Day. The feast day is one of six “holy days of obligation” celebrated by the Catholic Church, days on which all Catholics are supposed to attend Mass.
Wishing everyone a Blessed and Happy All Saints’ Day! pic.twitter.com/5VlPkCJ7M5
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 1, 2024

Polling conducted by the National Catholic Reporter released in late October found that Trump was leading Harris among Catholic voters in the crucial swing states of Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Nevada, North Carolina, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania. Fifty percent of respondents said that they would “probably” or “definitely” vote for Trump, asked who they would vote for if the election took place that day, and 45% said they would “probably” or “definitely” vote for Harris.
The image also includes a depiction of Our Lady of Guadalupe, who Trump posted about in September. Our Lady of Guadalupe is particularly significant for Catholics in Mexico, where an Aztec man named Juan Diego said that Mary appeared to him several times in visions in 1531. Mary purportedly asked in these visions that a shrine be built to her on Tepayac Hill, now a suburb of Mexico City.
.@realDonaldTrump celebrates the birthday of Mary, Jesus Christ’s mother, by sharing an image of “Our Lady of Guadalupe” on Truth Social. pic.twitter.com/21wNj63NLa
— Mary Margaret Olohan (@MaryMargOlohan) September 8, 2024

Trump also shared an image of St. Michael the Archangel in late September, and tweeted the entire prayer that Catholics say to the saint.
Saint Michael the Archangel, defend us in battle. Be our defense against the wickedness and snares of the Devil. May God rebuke him, we humbly pray, and do thou, O Prince of the heavenly hosts, by the power of God, cast into hell Satan, and all the evil spirits, who prowl about… pic.twitter.com/Z3RoeGUslh
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2024

When Trump spoke at the 79th Alfred E. Smith Memorial Foundation Dinner in New York City in October, he discussed his Catholic posts with EWTN’s Raymond Arroyo, who asked the former president whether he is “telling voters something about [his] spiritual journey.”
.@RaymondArroyo questions Trump about his recent religious social media posts featuring prayers to St. Michael the Archangel, and the “Ave Maria” sung in honor of Corey Comperatore at the Butler rally.
“It’s just beautiful to me,” Trump responds. pic.twitter.com/bNx8P0Kxaz
— Mary Margaret Olohan (@MaryMargOlohan) October 18, 2024

“No, I don’t think so, it’s just beautiful to me,” Trump said. “I look at the whole thing, the words, and the pictures, the pictures are so beautiful. Yeah, I put up some stuff, somebody else asked me that same question, it’s really that I think it’s really beautiful.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
