Headline:
 ‘He Blew It’: Trump Rips Biden For Saying ‘Lock Him Up’ 

Date:
 Oct 24, 2024 

Article Text:
 The White House insists the president only meant "politically."
Former President Donald Trump declared on Thursday that President Joe Biden “blew it” when he said about Trump: “We gotta lock him up.”
Trump delivered a fiery response to Biden during a rally in Arizona, one of the swing states he is trying to win in the 2024 White House race against Biden’s vice president, Kamala Harris, in less than two weeks.
“He blew it. He said ‘lock him up.’ He said ‘lock him up’ last night. He’s not allowed to say that! He’s such a stupid guy,” Trump said with a chuckle. “Such a stupid fool.”
"HE BLEW IT, HE SAID LOCK HIM UP LAST NIGHT, HE'S NOT ALLOWED TO SAY THAT!" – President @realDonaldTrump comments on Joe Biden's comments to "lock him up!" pic.twitter.com/dRF7mM8rwr
— Real America's Voice (RAV) (@RealAmVoice) October 24, 2024

After mentioning Trump’s push to cut down the Department of Education during an event in New Hampshire on Tuesday, Biden made the comment about locking him up while making reference to the federal 2020 election interference case against the former president.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
Trump “thinks he has a right under the Supreme Court ruling on immunity to be able if need be, if it was the case, to actually eliminate, physically eliminate, shoot and kill, someone who he believes to be a threat to him,” Biden said.
“I mean, so, I know this sounds bizarre. It sounds like if I said this five years ago, you’d lock me up. We gotta lock him up,” Biden said, before adding seconds later: “Politically lock him up.”
Biden in NH lists what Trump would do as president and says: “we gotta lock him up” and then, appearing to realize how his comments would be taken, adds: “politically, lock him up.” pic.twitter.com/cw3X8RzKn2
— Alex Thompson (@AlexThomp) October 22, 2024

White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre insisted to reporters on Wednesday that Biden meant “lock him out politically,” as in defeating Trump in the election.
Q: What did the president mean when he said last night about Donald Trump, 'we you gotta lock him up?'"@PressSec: "He meant lock him out politically." pic.twitter.com/0gd0ymBpCh
— CSPAN (@cspan) October 23, 2024

However, the damage may already be done. Trump’s lawyers filed a motion to dismiss the 2020 election case, which is led by special counsel Jack Smith, citing Biden’s “lock him up” remark.
Trump of course entertained chants of “lock her up” in relation to his 2016 election rival, Hillary Clinton, and “lock him up” in 2020 when competing against Biden.
Yet Biden took up a similar call while Trump is actually facing federal prosecution under the sitting president’s administration.
During an event on Wednesday in the battleground state of Georgia, Trump said Biden going there amounted to meddling in the 2024 presidential contest.
“I’ve been telling you that it’s election interference,” Trump said. “This is all it is. He said ‘we got to lock him up.’ This is illegal.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
