Headline:
 Here’s Where Trump And Kamala Will Spend Their Final Campaign Day 

Date:
 Nov 4, 2024 

Article Text:
 Trump will visit three battleground states while Kamala will focus on just one.
Former President Donald Trump plans to blitz through three battleground states on Monday, while Vice President Kamala Harris is expected to focus on Pennsylvania with Election Day just hours away.
Trump is scheduled to hold rallies in North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and Michigan, while Harris will spend the day campaigning in the Keystone State. The latest polling shows that Trump has a narrow lead in Pennsylvania and North Carolina, and Harris has a slight edge in Michigan.
The final day of campaigning comes as tens of millions of Americans have already voted, and the candidates have spent hundreds of millions of dollars.
Trump will begin Monday morning in Raleigh, North Carolina, where he will speak at the J.S. Dorton arena at 10:00 a.m. Trump, who won the state in both 2016 and 2020, also visited the Tar Heel State on Saturday and Sunday, where he held rallies in Gastonia, Greensboro, and Kinston.
Next, Trump will head to Pennsylvania for events in Reading and Pittsburgh. On Sunday, he rallied in Lititz, where he urged his supporters to show up to the polls on Tuesday.
“You need to get out and vote, it’s very simple,” Trump said. “For the past nine years, we’ve been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces anywhere on earth. With your vote in this election you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
Trump’s last event on Monday will be in Grand Rapids, Michigan, scheduled to begin at 10:30 p.m. In 2016 and 2020, Trump also closed out his campaigns in Grand Rapids.
Harris is holding events in Scranton, Allentown, Pittsburgh, and Philadelphia. The stops in Pittsburgh and Philadelphia will feature celebrities like Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Ricky Martin, The Roots, and Oprah Winfrey.
“We need you to vote, Pennsylvania. We need you to vote,” Harris said last week during an event in Harrisburg. “No one can sit on the sidelines.”
Harris spent the weekend campaigning in Michigan, Georgia, and North Carolina.
Harris’ running mate, Governor Tim Walz (D-MN), will spend Monday in the Midwest, visiting the Wisconsin cities of La Crosse, Stevens Point, and Milwaukee before heading to Detroit, Michigan. Republican vice presidential candidate and Ohio Senator JD Vance will visit four battleground states on Monday, holding events in La Crosse, Wisconsin; Flint, Michigan; Atlanta, Georgia; and Newtown, Pennsylvania.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
