Headline:
 Hillary Clinton Compares Trump Campaign Event To Nazi Rally 

Date:
 Oct 25, 2024 

Article Text:
 The same venue hosted the Democratic National Convention the year that Bill Clinton won his first term in office.
Twice failed Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton claimed this week that former President Donald Trump was trying to reenact an infamous Nazi rally in the U.S. from the 1930s with one of his upcoming political events.
Clinton made the inflammatory remarks Thursday night during an interview with CNN’s Kaitlan Collins when Collins asked Clinton if she believed Trump was a “fascist.”
“You know, Kaitlan, I do,” Clinton said, later adding, “Sadly here in America, the term fits.”
“And one other thing that you’ll see next week, Kaitlan, is Trump actually re-enacting the Madison Square Garden rally in 1939,” Clinton said. “President Franklin Roosevelt was appalled that neo-Nazis, fascists in America, were lining up to essentially pledge their support for the kind of government that they were seeing in Germany.”
The New York Post noted that the venue hosted the Democratic National Convention in 1924, 1976, 1980, and 1992 — the year that former President Bill Clinton went on to win his first term in office.
“So I don’t think we can ignore it. Now, it may be a leap for some people and a lot of others may think, I don’t want to go there,” she added. “I don’t want to say that. But please, open your eyes to the danger that this man poses to our country because I think it is clear and present for anybody paying attention.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
Clinton’s remarks come as many, including Trump, have blamed extreme remarks from the political Left for the two assassination attempts on his life this year.
WATCH:
Crooked Hillary, increasingly bitter about the fact that she will never be president, says that everybody who attends President Trump’s rally at MSG on Sunday is a Nazi. pic.twitter.com/7cUXIlNuor
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) October 25, 2024
Related: ‘I Worked For John Kelly And Don’t Believe Him’: No One’s Buying Atlantic ‘Trump Loves Hitler’ Smear
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
