Headline:
 Hillary Clinton: Voters See Trump As ‘Strong,’ Believe He Offers ‘Better’ Future For Them 

Date:
 Oct 25, 2024 

Article Text:
 Clinton claimed that Vice President Harris is facing a "double standard" in the media and from voters.
Twice failed Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said during an interview this week that many voters like former President Donald Trump because they view him as “strong.”
Clinton made the remarks Thursday night on CNN’s “The Source” with Kaitlan Collins while talking about the state of the upcoming election between Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris.
“Well, first of all, I don’t think she has Jim Comey in the wings waiting to kneecap her,” Clinton said. “So that’s good. And I’m very grateful for that.”
Collins asked Clinton if she thought that there was a “double standard” in the race since Harris showed up for CNN’s recent town hall while Trump declined.
“I really do, Kaitlan, and I see it as a double standard,” Clinton said, even though Trump has far outpaced Harris in the number of media interviews both candidates have given.
“Thankfully, we’ve made progress when it comes to women in politics and certainly seeking the highest office in the land,” she said. “But there still is a double standard, and I think there’s also a double standard because it still is very difficult to cover Donald Trump.”
When asked why Trump has seen a surge in support, Clinton said it’s because those who are backing him “think that he offers a better deal” for their economic future.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
She said that many like his “belligerent attitude” toward the system while others “find him to be a strong man, and that’s very attractive to certain voters.”
“They may not even agree with what he’s saying, but they think that he’s strong, and they find that appealing,” she added.
WATCH:

Related: Hillary Clinton Compares Trump Campaign Event To Nazi Rally
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
