Headline:
 ‘How Dare We Speak Merry Christmas:’ Trump Team Posts Kamala Flashback, Promises Christmas Cheer 

Date:
 Nov 4, 2024 

Article Text:
 Harris previously bashed saying 'Merry Christmas' during negotiations about protections for illegal immigrants brought to the U.S. as children.
The Trump campaign posted a flashback to Vice President Kamala Harris bashing saying, “Merry Christmas,” promising that a second Trump presidency would have Christmas cheer.
“How dare we speak ‘Merry Christmas!’ How dare we!” Harris said in a 2017 speech during negotiations about protections for illegal immigrants brought to the U.S. as children.
The Trump Team TikTok account posted the old video of Harris and then cut to a clip of former President Donald Trump.
“Well, guess what? We’re saying ‘Merry Christmas’ again,” Trump said in the clip.
Team Trump posted this on TikTok one day ago. It has 30M views and 4.2M likes. pic.twitter.com/CqqUcMrLGP
— End Wokeness (@EndWokeness) November 4, 2024

During his 2016 campaign,  Trump promised that Americans would say “Merry Christmas” again if he won.
“If I’m president, you’re going to see ‘Merry Christmas’ in department stores, believe me,” he said in a speech at the time.
“If I become president, we’re all going to be saying ‘Merry Christmas’ again,” he said in another.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
The Trump Team’s TikTok was posted on Sunday, two days before the presidential election on Tuesday.
Trump and Harris are currently tied nationally, according to the RealClearPolitics polling average.
Trump holds a tiny lead in the swing states of Pennsylvania, Georgia, North Carolina, Nevada, and Arizona. Harris holds a slight lead in Michigan and Wisconsin.
During her 2017 remarks, Harris called it “morally wrong” to take Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) status away from non-citizens.
“When we all sing happy tunes and sing ‘Merry Christmas’ and wish each other ‘Merry Christmas,’ these children are not going to have a merry Christmas,” she said. “How dare we speak ‘Merry Christmas!’ How dare we! They will not have a merry Christmas. They don’t know if they will be here in a matter of days, weeks and months.”
This election cycle, the Trump campaign and Republicans have zeroed in on immigration, one of their strongest issues, arguing that the Biden administration has allowed an unmitigated disaster at the border.
Harris has hammered abortion, urging women especially to vote for her to preserve legal abortion. In the last few weeks, her campaign has also tried to boost support among men, which Democrats fear may be one of her biggest vulnerabilities.
Meanwhile, Christmas is already in the air around the country.
Retail stores have already begun to display their Christmas inventory and are decorating their stores in anticipation of the holiday season.
The famous Rockefeller Christmas Tree has been selected and is set to arrive in Midtown Manhattan on Saturday.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
