Headline:
 ‘If That Sticks At Election Day’: NYT Poll Shows Trump Polling Over 20% With Black Voters 

Date:
 Oct 21, 2024 

Article Text:
 "... the Democrats are going to be in very big trouble."
Deroy Murdock warned on Monday that if current polls are any indication, the Democrats could be in real trouble with black voters come Election Day.
Murdock cited a recent New York Times/Siena poll that showed Trump polling over 20% with black voters — outstripping his numbers from both 2020 and 2016 — and showing a real weakness in Democrat support as the 2024 election reached its final days.
WATCH:
Deroy Murdock: President Trump is now polling over 20% with Black voters.
"If that sticks at Election Day, the Democrats are going to be in VERY big trouble." pic.twitter.com/cqx5pKyQHI
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) October 21, 2024

“It’s a big problem. Black voters constitute such a big part of the Democratic base, you take that out, the whole thing sort of falls over,” Murdock said. “And this is the result of a very simple question that President Trump has asked black voters since 2016: ‘What the hell do you have to lose?'”
“They’ve responded to that question thinking, well, we keep voting Democrat and things don’t seem to get better,” Murdock continued, noting that Trump had gone from 8% of the black vote in 2016 to 12% in 2020 and appeared to be nearing 24% going into the last two weeks of the 2024 election cycle. “If that sticks at Election Day, the Democrats are going to be in very big trouble.”
The writing has been on the wall for weeks, with even CNN pollster Harry Enten sounding the alarm last week as Harris has continued to hemorrhage support from black men in particular.
WATCH:
No matter how you splice the data, Trump seems to be the strongest Republican with Black voters since 1960. Young Black men in particular have trended right during Trump's runs (cutting the Dem margin by 40 pts from 2012).
But Trump's doing historically well with Black women too pic.twitter.com/FyUqqDKLjE
— (((Harry Enten))) (@ForecasterEnten) October 14, 2024

Enten outlined the shift to the right — particularly among black men — noting that Harris was seeing the lowest levels of support for a Democratic presidential candidate since 1960.
Things got so bad that Harris brought in former President Barack Obama to tip the scales, and his solution was to scold black men for not offering their blind support to the Democratic nominee, despite the fact that the party leadership had dropped her on them rather than allowing the people to vote on her.
CNN Republican pundit Scott Jennings weighed in on that scenario, arguing that simply yelling at black men wasn’t likely to convince many of them to throw their support behind Harris.
“Obama, specifically, when he was having trouble with rural voters in Pennsylvania, go back all the way into his campaigns, he insulted them about their culture and values,” Jennings said at the time. “I don’t think it’s helpful to insult a group of people who are already not enthusiastic about your campaign, but I think that’s what he did today.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
