Headline:
 In Final Days, Trump Guns For Battleground States 

Date:
 Nov 1, 2024 

Article Text:
 Trump set to rally voters until the early hours of Election Day in one last swing-state blitz
Former President Donald Trump and his campaign are gearing up for a mad dash to the finish line.
With less than four days left, Trump campaign announced an avalanche of events on Friday heading into election day. He’ll rally in Warren, Michigan and Milwaukee, Wisconsin on Friday, in Gastonia, North Carolina, Salem, Virginia, and Greensboro, North Carolina on Saturday, and Lititz, Pennsylvania, Kinston, North Carolina, and Macon Georgia on Sunday.
That’s all before Monday, the final day of his campaign, when he’s also completely packed: he’ll hold a rally in Raleigh, North Carolina at 10AM, Reading, Pennsylvania at 2pm, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania at 6pm, and Grand Rapids, Michigan at 10:30pm. By the looks of it, he may be rallying until the early hours of the morning on Tuesday, November 5.
Donald Trump rallies in Henderson, Nevada. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
Meanwhile, Vice Presidential Nominee JD Vance is in Michigan, North Carolina, and Georgia on Friday, and Nevada and Arizona on Saturday.
And a whole host of Trump surrogates are on the campaign trail until Tuesday: Robert F. Kennedy will be stumping for Trump in Wisconsin, Donald Trump Jr. will join Vance in Arizona, and the “Team Trump Women’s Tour” featuring top Republican surrogates will make a stop in Atlanta, Georgia on Saturday night.
Tulsi Gabbard, Danica Patrick, and Sage Steele will also be campaigning for Trump on Sunday in Wisconsin, and Kristi Noem will speak at a Trump event in Holland, Michigan on Sunday night.
Kamala Harris has a slight lead on Trump in both Wisconsin in Michigan, while Trump has a slight advantage in Georgia, Arizona, Nevada, North Carolina, and Pennsylvania, according to FiveThirtyEight polling issued Friday.
The Trump campaign will kick off a four-day bus tour in Pennsylvania on Friday, beginning in Limerick, Pennsylvania and ending in Bensalem, Pennsylvania on Monday, November 4. It will make stops in Downington, Gap, Glenmoore, Broomall, Lansdale, Hazle Township, Lehighton, Bartonsville, Philadelphia, and Telford.
The bus tour will feature Trump campaign surrogates Mississippi Sen. Cindy Hyde-Smith, Texas rep. Ronny Jackson, Florida Rep. Byron Donalds, Indiana Rep. Victoria Spartz, former acting United States attorney general Matt Whitaker, former Department of Defense chief of staff Kash Patel, former White House deputy Press Secretary Hogan Gidley, and others.
Team Trump bus tour begins in Pennsylvania. Photo courtesy of Team Trump.
Team Trump bus tour begins in Pennsylvania. Photo courtesy of Team Trump.
“Team Trump is traveling across Pennsylvania to meet voters where they are -from diners to sporting complexes to construction sites,” Liz Huston, a spokeswoman for Team Trump, told The Daily Wire. “Pennsylvanians are swamping the vote for President Trump because in her four years as Vice President, Kamala Harris has failed them.”
“On November 5,” Huston predicted, “Pennsylvania voters will flock to the polls to elect President Trump to secure the border, strengthen the economy and restore law and order.”
“Harris has made inroads among independents,” the Marist Pennsylvania poll release stated. “She now leads Trump by 15 points among these voters and receives greater support among them than President Joe Biden had in 2020, according to the 2020 Presidential Exit Poll.”
“While Trump edges Harris among white voters, he falls short of the support he received among these voters in 2020,” the release noted. “Harris outpaces Trump among Black voters but fails to reach the support Biden received four years ago. The gender gap has narrowed to 12 points in Pennsylvania.”
Meanwhile, the Trump campaign announced that it had filed a Federal Election Commission (FEC) complaint against the Washington Post on Friday, accusing the publication of making “illegal corporate in-kind contributions to Harris for President.”
The FEC complaint cites a Semafor report on how the Washington Post pays to boost stories “critical of Trump as subscribers flee,” a story that mentions how the Washington Post “aggressively ramped up its paid advertising campaign, boosting dozens of articles related to the election,” starting Monday, Oct. 28.
The Post was boosting generally positive stories about Kamala Harris, the report says.
“The facts support a reasonable inference that The Washington Post made, and Harris for President accepted, an illegal corporate contribution in the form of coordinated communications,” the complaint states. “Therefore, the Commission should find reason to believe a violation has occurred, conduct an immediate investigation, and assess an appropriate sanction for this corporate interference in our elections.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
