Headline:
 Jake Paul Endorses Trump, Explains Why 

Date:
 Oct 31, 2024 

Article Text:
 "The people rebelling against the system, wanting to create change, wanting to disrupt, and wanting to do right by the people," Paul said.
YouTuber Jake Paul announced that he’s decided to endorse former President Donald Trump and explained that doing so is the only way to “save America.”
In a nearly twenty-minute long video posted on Thursday on X, Paul laid out his message to the undecided voter why he was supporting Trump and not Vice President Kamala Harris. However, he did note that because he moved to Puerto Rico to pursue his dream of becoming a champion professional boxer, he has “rescinded his right to vote” in the 2024 election.
“But that doesn’t mean I can’t present my 80 million-large audience with proper facts, numbers, and data to encourage them to vote in the proper direction to quite literally save America,” Paul said.
He listed the “number of problems that America” is currently facing, which he said included “wars, health, guns, jobs, economy, inflation, border control, freedom of speech.”
“I think we can all agree that things just don’t feel right; America doesn’t feel good,” Paul said. “It shows that we are more divided than ever, and I can’t just sit back and watch this blasphemy unfold in front of me any longer.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
“What is the problem? Democrats have been in power for 12 of the last 16 years, so if we aren’t happy … then who is to blame?” he added, pointing out that while Harris has been in office the last 3 ½ years, she has zero accomplishments.
Paul pointed to a chart showing that when it comes to the cost of rent, food, gas, etc, prices were lower under Trump and that inflation was the lowest it’s been in thirty years.
He said he knows the legacy media likes to paint Trump as a “bad guy,” but said he’s more concerned about “how good of a president he is” rather than with “Trump’s character flaws or what he’s done in the past. Because that is his job and that is what’s going to affect the people of this nation.”
Who I’m supporting for president and why you should too… pic.twitter.com/OBd5uWrXTV
— Jake Paul (@jakepaul) October 31, 2024
Paul said all he hears is that Trump’s “a ‘felon’ convicted of felonies … every member founding the U.S. Constitution and this great country that has grown from the U.S. constitution was a convicted felon of Great Britain. The people rebelling against the system, wanting to create change, wanting to disrupt, and wanting to do right by the people that founded this country were all felons.”
At one point, he also brought up the transgender athlete issue, and said as a future dad, he will be damned if he’s going to send his daughter to a school that would let any man enter his daughter’s bathroom or “compete against her in sports. It’s bulls***. That is taking away women’s rights.”
He said if a person “really cared about women and their opportunities and their lives, I think it would be better to have a president that doesn’t want biological men competing in women’s sports,” which Trump has said he will stop when he’s in office.
Paul also made it clear that when it comes to protecting women, it’s Trump and not Harris who will keep women and girls safe — by stopping the flow of illegal immigration, with some “662, 566” with “criminal histories, 13,000 convicted of homicide, and so on.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
