Headline:
 JD Vance Dismantles Kamala’s Disastrous Interview With Bret Baier 

Date:
 Oct 17, 2024 

Article Text:
 She "didn't have the skill to navigate a tough interview," and "doesn't know how to explain her record."
Senator JD Vance (R-OH) dismantled Vice President Kamala Harris’ Wednesday evening interview with Fox News’ Bret Baier during a brief appearance on “Fox & Friends” Thursday morning.
Vance listed several of the points that the American people had expressed a desire to hear her address and then went on to describe her responses — many of which were rambling non-answers that aimed only for pivot points from which she could turn and attack former President Donald Trump.
“Last night, Kamala Harris once again refused to name a single policy difference between her and Joe Biden,” Vance captioned the clip he posted to X. “Does that sound like a new way forward to you?”
WATCH:
Last night, Kamala Harris once again refused to name a single policy difference between her and Joe Biden.
Does that sound like a new way forward to you? pic.twitter.com/VxJAzVOm71
— JD Vance (@JDVance) October 17, 2024

“You know, guys, the thing that I found just so bizarre about Kamala Harris’ entire interview,” Vance began. “Twenty-five minutes of a person who couldn’t answer a direct question. ‘How many illegal immigrants have come in?’ She didn’t answer that question. ‘What are we turning the page on?’ She goes and talks about Donald Trump, who of course hasn’t been in office for the past three-and-a-half years. Kamala Harris has been.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
“What I saw was a person who not just didn’t have the skill to navigate a tough interview, but doesn’t know how to explain her record because her record is not possible to explain away to the American people,” he continued. “So she dipped and dodged questions for 25 minutes. That’s not leadership and that’s not contrition.”
“I think the American people would like to see from their vice president an acknowledgment that she screwed up, it’s why we have so many of these problems,” he concluded. “Real leadership would be promising a new course and acknowledging, well, the old course didn’t work.”
Baier noted during his Wednesday broadcast of “Special Report” — during which the interview aired — that Harris’ team had cut the interview short by arriving late. She then proceeded to filibuster every question to the point that even the best of analysts would be able to glean very little new information.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
