Headline:
 Joe Rogan Endorses Trump For President 

Date:
 Nov 5, 2024 

Article Text:
 The endorsement comes after he interviewed Trump last month.
Podcast giant Joe Rogan endorsed former President Donald Trump for president on Monday night after an interview with X owner Elon Musk.
The endorsement from Rogan, one of the most influential figures with men in the United States, could be one of the rare political endorsements that actually helps move the needle.
“The great and powerful @elonmusk,” Rogan said after the Musk interview. “If it wasn’t for him we’d be f***ed.”
“He makes what I think is the most compelling case for Trump you’ll hear, and I agree with him every step of the way,” he continued. ” For the record, yes, that’s an endorsement of Trump.”
The endorsement comes after Trump and vice presidential nominee JD Vance both sat for interviews with Rogan last month while Vice President Kamala Harris refused.
Trump responded to the endorsement moments after Rogan announced it as he was campaigning during the final hours of the campaign in Pennsylvania.
“So somebody that’s very, very respected asked me to do his show two weeks ago, and I said, why not?” Trump told the crowd. “And to me, it’s very big, because he’s the biggest there is, I guess, in that world by far, somebody said the biggest beyond anybody in a long time, and his name is Joe Rogan, and he’s never done this before.”
“And it just came over the wires that Joe Rogan just endorsed me,” Trump continued. “Thank you, Joe!”
Trump noted that Rogan tends to be “a little bit more liberal than some of the people in this room” but he still loved doing the three-hour interview.
RIGHT NOW: Donald Trump thanking Joe Rogan for his endorsement. pic.twitter.com/EYtK89gclY
— Kassy Akiva (@KassyAkiva) November 5, 2024
This is a breaking news story; refresh the page for updates.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
