Headline:
 Kamala Losing Popular Vote Advantage Over Trump 

Date:
 Oct 22, 2024 

Article Text:
 "Kamala Harris' national popular vote advantage over Donald Trump has narrowed to less than a point for the first time since early August..."
Vice President Kamala Harris has lost the more significant advantage she had over former President Donald Trump in the popular vote, leaving her now with a nearly one-point advantage.
On Tuesday, Decision Desk HQ reported that Harris has a 48.6% of the national vote with Trump right behind her at 47.7%, as the race appears to be shifting in Trump’s direction with two weeks left until election day.
“Kamala Harris’ national popular vote advantage over Donald Trump has narrowed to less than a point for the first time since early August, according to the Decision Desk HQ polling average,” the post from DDHQ on X read.
Shortly after President Joe Biden announced he would not actually be running for re-election and the Democrats replaced him with Harris, Trump had a lead over Harris in the popular vote by 7%, according to Decision Desk HQ polling average.
By last month, that lead had flipped with Harris beating the former president by 3%. However, in the last two weeks, the VP’s lead started to diminish with Trump closing the gap nationally.
Kamala Harris’ national popular vote advantage over Donald Trump has narrowed to less than a point for the first time since early August, according the Decision Desk HQ polling average.https://t.co/qiLLy3Gz2D
— Decision Desk HQ (@DecisionDeskHQ) October 22, 2024
A current national poll from USA Today and Suffolk University appears to support this move by the public, with Harris’ lead over Trump narrowing to one point. The survey was conducted between October 14-18 and included 1,000 likely voters, with the use of cellphones and landlines, with a margin of error of plus or minus 3.1 percentage points.
The shift is a change from when likely voters were polled in August with the same survey, when Harris led Trump by approximately 4 points, taken right after the Democratic National Convention, The Hill noted.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
With two weeks left, Trump’s schedule is very busy with numerous rallies in various battleground states like Nevada, Arizona, Georgia, and Michigan, with a huge rally in New York in Madison Square Garden on October 27.
Harris took a day off the campaign trail on Tuesday, sparking suggestions the VP’s exhausted, something she attempted to claim was the state of her opponent days earlier.
The VP’s final two weeks of events include rallies in Georgia and Michigan with former President Barack Obama and former first lady Michelle Obama, Deadline noted.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
