Headline:
 ‘Let The States Run The Schools’: Trump Promises Education Overhaul During ‘Fox & Friends’ Interview 

Date:
 Oct 18, 2024 

Article Text:
 "They can do it for less than half [the funding], and you will have those states competing with the best countries."
Former President Donald Trump was interviewed in-studio on “Fox & Friends” Friday morning and discussed numerous issues, including his desire to get education “out of Washington.”
During the interview, Trump was asked questions via video from “Fox & Friends” viewers across the country. One of the questions came from an autistic student in Wisconsin who is concerned about the lack of school choice for autistic children.
“I have high-functioning autism, but my autism means I am only allowed to go to public schools that teach things that promote things against my values and faith. This makes life hard and confusing,” the student said. “When you become president, what can you and JD Vance do to help other students like me to have a choice of schools?”
“Well, thank you very much. It’s all about school choice,” Trump replied. “You know, that’s one of the biggest things on my platform. It’s about school choice, and we’re also going to get it out of Washington.”
President Trump responds to a young Wisconsin man whose autism limits the scope of schools he's allowed to attend:
"It's all about school choice… We're going to get it OUT of Washington!" pic.twitter.com/rnMdEKf0sS
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) October 18, 2024

Trump criticized how the U.S. government spends more money per pupil than many other countries. According to the latest data from the National Center for Education Statistics, the U.S. spends $15,500 per elementary and secondary education student, which is the fifth most of any country. Despite the high spending, Trump said the U.S. education system is lagging behind other nations.
The Republican nominee said his administration would “let the states run the schools.”
“You give the schools to Iowa, they’re going to be another Norway. It’s going to be great,” he said. “You give them to so many different states, Indiana, they’re dying to do it. They can do it for less than half [the funding], and you will have those states competing with the best countries.”
Trump added that his goal for the Department of Education is to “have one person working there, maybe with a secretary.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
“Because we want to make sure they’re teaching English, right? And let’s say reading, writing, and arithmetic, not transgender[ism],” he said.
Trump said last month that, if elected, he would push to “eliminate” the Department of Education.
“We will drain the government education swamp and stop the abuse of your taxpayer dollars to indoctrinate America’s youth with all sorts of things that you don’t want to have our youth hearing,” he told supporters at a rally in Wisconsin.
Trump: We will drain the government education swamp and stop the abuse of your taxpayer dollars to indoctrinate America's youth with all sorts of things that you don't want to have our youth hearing pic.twitter.com/vsMfBrNDgE
— Acyn (@Acyn) September 7, 2024

Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
