Headline:
 Man Badly Beats Trump Supporter For ‘Wearing A Trump 2024 Hat,’ Police Say 

Date:
 Nov 2, 2024 

Article Text:
 The Trump supporter suffered broken teeth and a bloodied mouth.
A 60-year-old male has been arrested for beating a Trump supporter inside a New York grocery store over the victim’s “Trump 2024” hat, police say.
The suspect, Robert Yott, allegedly targeted the Trump supporter over his “Trump 2024” hat and repeatedly punched the victim in the head and face, leaving the Trump supporter with broken teeth and a bloodied mouth, the report said.
“On [November 1], around 10:00 a.m., the Village of Bath Police Department was dispatched to a fight at the Tops Friendly Markets,” a press release from The Village of Bath Police Department said. Bath is a small town located in Steuben County.
“It was determined that Robert Yott, age 60, of Bath, initiated a confrontation with a stranger inside Tops, after becoming aggressive over the fact that the stranger was wearing a Trump 2024 hat,” police said.
“Mr. Yott punched the victim in the mouth and head several times, causing the victim’s teeth to be broken and mouth bloody,” the press release continued. “Mr. Yott was not known to the victim and this appears to be a random act of violence.”
Following the assault, Yott was arrested and charged with one count of assault in the second degree and fourth degree criminal mischief.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
“Mr. Yott was arrested and charged with one count of Assault in the Second Degree, a Class D Felony, and Criminal Mischief in the Fourth Degree, a Class A Misdemeanor,” the department said. “Mr. Yott was processed and transported to Steuben County Jail where he is currently awaiting CAP arraignment.”
Numerous supporters of former President Donald Trump have been targeted and attacked for their political views.
In June, for example, an 82-year-old man in Massachusetts was allegedly assaulted by a 27-year-old male for holding a Trump sign, police said.
In April, a 64-year-old man from New Jersey was allegedly assaulted with a sledgehammer and was hospitalized for significant injuries to the head. The suspect, 36-year-old Michael Gonzales, was charged with attempted murder over the assault. The victim, Rocky Granata, was known for driving around New Jersey in a vehicle covered with pro-Trump and MAGA messages, reports indicate.
Related: Elderly Trump Supporter In Critical Condition After ‘Politically Motivated’ Attack, Police Say
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
