Headline:
 ‘Not A Charity Event’: Trump Says Kamala Would ‘Melt Down’ If Elected President 

Date:
 Nov 2, 2024 

Article Text:
 Trump made the comments during a rally in North Carolina.
Former President Donald Trump said Vice President Kamala Harris would not be able to handle the pressure of meeting with world leaders like China’s President Xi Jinping if elected president.
Trump made the remarks on Saturday during a rally in Gastonia, North Carolina, as he makes a final campaign swing through pivotal states as Election Day approaches.
“There are some people who thrive under pressure and there are some people who crack,” Trump said. “If Kamala can’t handle an interview with Joe Rogan, then she can’t handle the presidency. She certainly can’t handle Putin or President Xi of China. She will get overwhelmed, melt down, and millions of people will die, perhaps. This is not a charity event — this is an election for the biggest and toughest job anywhere in the world.”
Trump’s interview with Rogan last week has already been viewed 43 million times on YouTube alone. Rogan and Harris could not agree to an interview after the vice president asked the popular podcast host to travel to her for the interview and restrict the time to just one hour.
“For the record, the Harris campaign has not passed on doing the podcast. They offered a date for Tuesday, but I would have had to travel to her and they only wanted to do an hour,” Rogan wrote on X earlier this week.
“I strongly feel the best way to do it is in the studio in Austin,” he added. “My sincere wish is to just have a nice conversation and get to know her as a human being. I really hope we can make it happen.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
Later in the North Carolina rally, Trump slammed Harris’ economic plans, saying that there would be major consequences for people’s livelihoods if she was elected.
“Do you want to lose your life savings because we put a weak and foolish woman in the White House? Do you want to lose your job and maybe your house and pension because Kamala has the economic understanding of a child?” he said.
Trump is expected to return to North Carolina for several more rallies before Election Day. He won the state in both 2016 and 2020 and has a 1.4% average lead in the state according to an average of 67 polls.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
