Headline:
 October Surprise! Media Launch Ugliest Anti-Trump Smears Yet 

Date:
 Oct 23, 2024 

Article Text:
 The more you throw at him, the more he just looks like Donald Trump.
We are now less than two weeks out from Election Day. The state of the race is that Donald Trump appears to be ahead going into the homestretch.
In fact, poll analyst reporter Mark Halperin said as much yesterday, claiming that if the early voting numbers hold up the way they are right now, and if the date of voting goes the way that it did in 2020, Trump will have wrapped up this election before the Election Day even begins — because Democrats basically need to win it in the pregame or they’re going to lose it day of.
Halperin explained, saying:
Let’s lead with the lead, as they say in journalism. If the early vote numbers stay the way they are, and that’s a big if, we’ll almost certainly know before Election Day who’s going to win the election. We’re going to talk a lot about that: the reasons why Democrats might be underperforming, the prospect that they’ll recover. But again, make no mistake, if these numbers hold up in the states where we can understand even partially what the data is like, we’ll know that Donald Trump’s going to be president on Election Day.
Halperin’s not the only one saying this. The Washington Post reported on this yesterday as well:
Dozens of states have opened in-person early-voting locations, and turnout has been robust. In Georgia, more than 1.6 million people had cast in-person ballots by midmorning Tuesday — nearly one-third of the total vote from four years ago. North Carolina hit 1.4 million Tuesday, the sixth day of early voting. And in Nevada, Republicans voting in person have outnumbered Democrats — a reversal from four years ago. Nationwide, more than 18 million Americans have cast ballots in person or by mail.
Republican participation is radically up from where it was in 2020, after Trump encouraged people not to vote early. Now, tons of Republicans are voting early, and that means in states like Nevada, there are serious danger signs for Democrats.
Attorney Jon Ralston, an excellent reporter at the Nevada Independent, has noted that since the rise of the political machine that late former Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid built for Democrats, this has never happened. The Republican turn out amounts are unprecedented in modern times, leading early voting in Nevada. Harris is running really, really weak in the early voting thus far.
Again, it could be that that’s cannibalizing the day of voting. It’s possible the people who are voting right now are people who would have normally voted on Election Day, or it’s possible that Republicans have actually gotten smart and many of the people who weren’t going to show up on Election Day are now voting early just to get it done.
By the way, if you are voting early, that is good because the party for which you are voting can see that you have voted. They don’t have to waste campaign resources door knocking if they already know that you voted. A senior official working on Harris’s campaign is already sounding the alarm about the Veep’s narrowing electoral path.
According to NBC News, three sources with knowledge of the campaign strategy say the campaign is worried the blue wall could at least, in part, go red this November. One senior campaign official told NBC there’s been a thought that Michigan or Wisconsin may fall off and North Carolina may no longer be in reach. If the Democrats lose North Carolina and Michigan or Wisconsin, it is difficult to see how they will win the election because, at that point, they would have to peel off Georgia.
Politico is reporting the same, pointing out that time is ticking off the clock for Harris:
Vice President Kamala Harris and former Wyoming Rep. Liz Cheney descended on the crucial Milwaukee suburbs Monday night and, sitting side by side, delivered compelling political sermons.
The problem was they were preaching to the converted.The event was explicitly aimed at those moderates and onetime Republicans who remain up for grabs, and may decide the election, but the rhetoric seemed better suited for those in the audience wearing “The Lincoln Project” and “,LA” t-shirts.
They’ve got a problem on their hands, and so it is now time to pull out all the stops, which could be that Harris could run a better campaign. That, of course, is highly unlikely. She’s not going to run a better campaign because she’s not a good candidate.
Hilariously, there was an op-ed in The Hill two days ago wondering if perhaps Joe Biden was, after all, a better candidate than Kamala Harris, which of course, is what Joe Biden has been saying all along, despite being dead.Kamala Harris, for her part, can’t even answer simple questions as to whether Biden is sentient and alive. She will not answer questions on the decline of the person she shoved off the back of the train and stole the nomination of.
In an interview with NBC News, Harris attempted to explain Joe Biden’s mental state when pointblank asked about him:
JACKSON: You have made it clear that you believe this is a binary choice between you and Donald Trump. That’s — those are candidates that are on the ballot, of course.
HARRIS: There’s only two choices…yes.
JACKSON: Of course, yes, but, and I know that Joe Biden is not on the ballot, I understand that, but the reason that you are at the top of the ticket is because he dropped out of this race. And so I want to ask you, and it was largely because of that debate performance back in June. You defended him in the days before and in the days after, as you were campaigning for another four years for President Biden. Can you say that you were honest with the American people about what you saw in those moments with President Biden, as you were with him again and again, repeatedly in that time?
HARRIS: Of course. Joe Biden is an — extremely accomplished, experienced and capable in every way that anyone would want of their president. Absolutely.
JACKSON: And you never saw anything like what happened at the debate night behind closed doors with him?
HARRIS: It was a bad debate. People have bad debates. That — he is absolutely…
JACKSON: But that’s the reason why you’re here, and he’s not running for the top of the ticket.
HARRIS: Well, you’d have to ask him if that’s the only reason why.
JACKSON: What do you think?
HARRIS: I am running for President of the United States. Joe Biden is not, and my presidency will be about bringing a new generation of leadership to America that is focused on the work that we need to do, to invest in the ambitions and aspirations of the American people.
This lady has absolutely nothing. The reason that she has lost all steam is because she has nothing. She cannot even answer the simple question, “Why are you in that chair and Joe Biden isn’t in that chair?” — when everyone in America knows the answer to that question, including, of course, Kamala Harris.
Harris has basically been relegated to throwing out bribes to various constituency groups. Just a couple of weeks ago, she pledged to hand out $20,000 to black people in forgivable loans. She is now doing the same for Latinos because she’s been losing Latino votes.
In a statement yesterday, she wrote:
Donald Trump has disrespected and insulted Latino men in communities. As president, I will invest in them.” What does that mean? It means that she will “help Latino men and others start and grow small businesses with no interest loans or deferred loan repayments, and fully forgivable loans up to $20k.
Bribery. We are now in the realm of open bribery. By the way, you are not allowed to give out government grants by race. That is illegal in the United States.
This is her campaign and it’s failing.
Now the time has come for October surprises. The Democrats have a problem when it comes to surprises with Trump. This has been true for years because Trump is a monster made out of mud. When you throw more mud at a monster made out of mud, it turns out he just looks like a monster made out of mud. Trump is the black socks of presidential candidates. Black socks never get dirty. The longer you wear them, the blacker they get.
That is who Donald Trump is. The more you throw at him, the more he just looks like Donald Trump because he is the most well-established political figure in the American mind in my lifetime — and my parents lifetime as well.
There is no one in America who does not have an opinion about Trump right now. The question for undecided voters is not what they think about Trump. The question is what they think about Harris.
Trump’s numbers have been incredibly steady for the entirety of this election cycle. In polling, Trump’s national average polling has been between 46% and 48% of the entirety of this race. Meanwhile, there is much more variability for Harris.
So, the Democrats are getting desperate.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
