Headline:
 Republican Senate Candidate Calls To Keep Men Out Of Women’s Sports 

Date:
 Oct 18, 2024 

Article Text:
 Eric Hovde said he would support Trump's proposal to block males from competing in women's sports.
Wisconsin Senate candidate Eric Hovde said that there was “no question” that he would back former President Donald Trump’s proposal to ban males from competing in women’s sports, saying it was a major concern for parents in the Badger State.
Hovde, who is locked in a close race with Democratic Senator Tammy Baldwin, told The Daily Wire that Wisconsin parents were very concerned about the Biden administration’s re-write of Title IX that allows males who identify as transgender into female bathrooms, locker rooms, and sports teams. He said he would support Trump’s proposal this week to block males from female sports teams during a Fox News town hall.
“There’s no question that parents are upset when they’re learning that this is being pushed on their school districts and the Department of Education is saying that they are going to deprive them of funds,” Hovde told The Daily Wire. “If you’re a parent you don’t want your daughters having guys going into their bathrooms and locker rooms. And the girls don’t want that.”
Hovde noted that allowing males to compete against females denied biological reality and was dangerous.
“Look, my youngest daughter was the female athlete of the year in the state of Wisconsin in 2017. She was a freak athlete,” he said. “And to think we would allow boys to compete in her sports, it’s crazy. A male after they go through puberty has more muscle mass, [is] quicker and bigger, and could become dangerous.”
Hovde’s daughter was picked as the Wisconsin State Journal/WisconsinPrepZone.com All-Area Girls Athlete of the Year in 2017 for her participation in soccer, tennis, and basketball.
Baldwin, who has opposed measures to keep males out of women’s sports, has already been targeted by Hovde in previous campaign ads on the issue. The Wisconsin Democrat did not respond to multiple requests for interviews with The Daily Wire.
Hovde’s campaign also recently put out a pair of campaign ads accusing Baldwin of being “in bed with Wall Street” as she faces conflict of interest allegations over her relationship with New York wealth management advisor Maria Brisbane. In the ads, first reported on by The Daily Wire, several Wisconsin voters accuse Baldwin and Brisbane of living extravagantly while people in Wisconsin suffer from high inflation and illegal immigration.
Hovde said on Thursday that the ads are meant to show “what a hypocrite” Baldwin is.
“She’s made her brand trying to run against Wall Street, talks about wealth inequality, talks about the wealthy need to pay their fair share, and yet her Wall Street partner designs tax schemes for the uber wealthy and private equity and invests in biotech and pharmaceutical companies, which Sen. Baldwin oversees that committee,” he said.
Hovde was referencing reporting that Baldwin sits on a Senate committee that oversees the NIH, which distributes millions in funding to biotech companies, and Brisbane’s professional work managing a biotechnology mutual fund and pushing for investments in small biotech companies in her role as a wealth management advisor.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
Both parties are spending tens of millions in Wisconsin as Democrats seek to hang onto their slim two-seat majority in the Senate heading into November. Republicans are optimistic that they will flip both West Virginia and Montana and are looking to contest in other competitive states like Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania.
While Baldwin began the summer with a big lead, the race has now tightened with internal polling from the National Republican Senatorial Committee showing Hovde up by one point.
If Republicans flip the Senate, Hovde said they needed to focus on getting the deficit under control and closing the border.
“We’ve got to create security and safety for our people and our population from the fentanyl, from the criminals, from all the potential terrorists that have poured over our southern border,” he said.
Baldwin and Hovde will meet Friday in Madison for the race’s only debate at 7:00 p.m. local time.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
