Headline:
 ‘The Interview Was Fire’: Podcast Host Talks To Charlamagne Tha God About His Sit Down With Trump 

Date:
 Oct 14, 2024 

Article Text:
 'And it was so funny, they are trying to use it against him, but it’s so funny that it just disarms you,' Schulz said.
Podcaster and comedian Andrew Schulz talked to Charlamagne Tha God about getting the chance to interview former President Donald Trump on his “Flagrant” podcast.
During the recent “Brilliant Idiots” podcast— hosted by Schulz and Charlamagne — the podcasters talked about Trump’s recent stop on “Flagrant,” and Schulz labeled the former president “just pure entertainment.”
“You’re just sitting there, you do not know the next word that is going to come out of his mouth,” Schulz said. “And you try to guess and every time you try to guess, you are wrong.”
“And every time he starts, it’s funnier than the last time,” he added. “And he can key in. When he sees you laughing at some sh*t that he [doesn’t] even know is funny yet, he clocks it. And then he will keep, like he started calling doctors that saved the lives of the [Butler, PA] shooting victims, these country doctors…and he kept hitting country doctors.”

“Trump had that line on the pod where he goes ‘yo, they lie about me all the time, it’s hard for me to do that about them.’ He’s like ‘I’m basically truthful,’” Schulz continued, before playing the clip from the show. “And it was so funny, they are trying to use it against him…But it’s so funny, that it just disarms you.”
Charlamagne tha God appeared to agree that Trump’s appearance on the podcast helped the Republican nominee.
“I had a young black man — 20 something years old — not going to say his name …he [came] to me this morning…he goes ‘Flagrant’s’ going to get Trump elected,” the podcast host said.
“The interview was fire bro,” Schulz replied. “The interview was fire. I don’t know what to tell you…there’s so many moments where he’s just having fun and that is infectious.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
At one point in the interview, the two also talked about how both sides of the political aisle have used the same clips from the “Flagrant” podcast to promote their agenda.  One part was from Trump’s appearance when he hit back at the New York Times headline that read, “Trump’s Speeches, Increasingly Angry and Rambling, Reignite the Question of Age.”
Trump said what he does is called “The Weave” and then described it, saying it actually takes a great deal of memory to do it, as previously reported.
Schulz said when Trump explained “he doesn’t ramble, he weaves,” [Vice President] Kamala’s [Harris] headquarters “saw the video and said “yo, make a video out of that. Look how ridiculous this is.’”
“But then Trump’s team is also like ‘yo, make a video out of that, that s**t is fire,’” he added. “So the same piece of content was used to support the candidate and to try to trash the candidate.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
