Headline:
 These Celebrities Say They’re Voting For Trump 

Date:
 Nov 4, 2024 

Article Text:
 From Hollywood to the world of sports, these are the stars who said they're voting Republican.
While most celebrities who mention politics vote blue no matter who the candidate is, there are several famous faces who have come out in support of Donald Trump in the 2024 presidential election.
The biggest name on that list is billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk, who has become a staunch Trump supporter in addition to saving one of the biggest social media platforms in the world from leftist censors.
Musk has been on the campaign trail with Trump and frequently reminds X followers why they should support the former president. “Unless [Trump] wins, this will be the last election,” Musk shared on Sunday. “The Dems will legalize all the illegals in swing states, so there [will] be no more swing states.”
“America will become a one-party, deep blue socialist state,” the post continued.
The Tesla founder has given at least $132 million to boost Trump and other Republicans this cycle, including more than $50 million in recent weeks. Musk also predicted that Trump would beat Kamala Harris in a “crushing defeat.”
YouTube star Jake Paul also came out in support of Trump with a twenty-minute-long video explanation he shared on the platform.
The professional boxer pointed to the “number of problems that America” is currently facing, which he said included “wars, health, guns, jobs, economy, inflation, border control, freedom of speech.”
“I think we can all agree that things just don’t feel right; America doesn’t feel good,” Paul said. “It shows that we are more divided than ever, and I can’t just sit back and watch this blasphemy unfold in front of me any longer.”
Actor Dennis Quaid, who just played Ronald Reagan in a biopic, also said he’s supporting Trump. “It just makes sense,” the star said in May. “I was ready not to vote for Trump, until what I saw is, more than politics, I see a weaponization of our justice system and a challenge to our Constitution.”
“Trump is the most investigated person, probably in the history of the world, and they haven’t been able to really get him on anything,” he added.
“Sopranos” actress Drea de Matteo said she’s voting for Trump and she’s not the only one. “The people I’m around, a lot of liberals are voting for Trump. I think half of Hollywood is actually voting for Trump,” she told Variety. “I know that I’ve gotten plenty of messages in my inbox: ‘Thank you for saying things I can’t say.’”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
Actor Zachary Levi said Hollywood stars need to speak up about their choice. The “Shazam!” actor said Harris “is not qualified in any way shape or form to be the Commander in Chief, the leader of the free world. Absolutely not.” He echoed de Matteo, saying many celebrities who support Trump are afraid to say so publicly.
“They’ve sent me lots of messages, plenty of people in Hollywood, who are terrified to publicly say they would vote for Donald Trump or be conservative in any way. They know there’s ramifications for this kind of s***,” he said.
Levi added, “But ya’ll, our industry is going to be f***ing gonzo. My cry to all of you out there, you closeted Trump voters, it’s now or never…If you need to come out publicly and say it…know that if what you’re afraid of is somehow the backlash of an industry that’s not going to exist very soon, then don’t let that hold you back.”
One celebrity who makes no secret of being conservative is Kelsey Grammer, who endorsed the Republican nominee again this year. The same goes for Jim Caviezel, “Orange is the New Black” actress Taryn Manning, country singer Jason Aldean, rapper Kodak Black, Lil Wayne, Trace Adkins, Kid Rock, UFC head honcho Dana White, Rob Schneider, Roseanne Barr, Dean Cain, Kevin Sorbo, James Woods, Jillian Michaels, and Jon Voight.
Mel Gibson has never hid his conservative beliefs. In October, he said Harris has a “miserable track record” and “no policies to speak of.” The “Braveheart” actor also said the Democratic candidate has “the IQ of a fence post.”
In the sports world, Kansas City Chiefs kicker Harrison Butker supports Trump, and so does Brittany Mahomes, wife of the Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes. Danica Patrick does, too. Brett Favre endorsed Trump for president.
Late last month, retired United States Air Force Brigadier General Buzz Aldrin, who is also a famed NASA astronaut, endorsed Trump and said he was pleased with the candidate’s interest in both space exploration and preserving the safety of the nation.
“The Presidency requires an understanding of human nature, clarity in judgment, decisiveness, knowledge, understanding, and calm under pressures few have a natural ability to manage, or the life experience to successfully undertake,” Aldrin said as part of his endorsement.
“It is a job where decisions are made that routinely involve American lives – some urgently but not without thought. The job requires sober analysis of frightening scenarios, and the instinct to lead with resolve.”
“I wholeheartedly endorse him for President of the United States,” Aldrin said. “Godspeed President Trump, and God Bless the United States of America.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
