Headline:
 Trump’s Cruising, Kamala’s Crashing 

Date:
 Oct 21, 2024 

Article Text:
 It appears that Donald Trump has regained momentum not only in the swing states, but also in the battleground states.
We are two weeks out from the election and Donald Trump currently has all the momentum. Not some of the momentum— all the momentum.
This has been a wild race because the momentum shifts have been insane. When Joe Biden was in the race, Trump had all the momentum. Then Joe Biden dropped out of the race and Kamala Harris was put into the middle of the race and suddenly there was “joy” and “wonder” and all the momentum shifted over to the Democrats.
And then the air slowly came out of the balloon.
It appears that Donald Trump has regained momentum not only in the swing states, but also in the battleground states. According to the Real Clear Politics polling average, Trump leads in Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Arizona, North Carolina and Georgia.
All he needs to do to win the election is win Arizona, North Carolina and Georgia and either Michigan, Pennsylvania or Wisconsin, and he is leading in the last three, according to Real Clear Politics. He also happens to be leading in Nevada.
So if the election were held today — no tossups — he could win 312 electoral votes.
Trump is going to win the election. In order for Kamala Harris to win this election, she probably needs to be up at least two and a half to three points in the popular vote. She does not appear to have those numbers behind her right now, unless the polls are very, very wrong.
What’s more, her campaign is flagging. She’s totally disconnected from the American people. In fact, she is attempting to reach out to the Liz Cheney voter. There aren’t that many of those folks, the disaffected Republicans who love Liz Cheney and now are going to move on over from Donald Trump to Kamala Harris. Those people are incredibly rare. That number is vanishingly small.
But according to The Wall Street Journal:
Harris is expected to hold events on Monday with Cheney in suburbs in Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin. She’s also hosting separate get-out-the-vote rallies later in the week with former President Obama and first lady Michelle Obama in Georgia and Michigan, swing states where Harris needs to run up large margins in the urban centers and suburbs. So she’s now relying on a halo effect from the Obamas to bring out the black vote in Georgia and Michigan.
How much is she flailing? She’s flailing so much that the Washington Post editorial board put out a piece saying that she should commit to having a big 250th birthday celebration for the country in 2026, to recapture the feeling of patriotism by pledging that in July of 2026, she would throw a giant party for the American semiquincentennial.
If this is what’s left in her bag, she’s got nothing.
Over the weekend, it was Kamala Harris’s birthday. Kamala Harris decided she was going to celebrate it with Stevie Wonder. She went to a historically black church and she did some sort of birthday routine with Stevie Wonder.
Meanwhile, Trump was at the Steelers-Jets game, getting standing ovations and having people run around the field with pro-Trump signs.
And that wasn’t the best thing that Trump did all weekend.
The Left lost their mind because Donald Trump did something unthinkable. He went to a McDonald’s and worked the fry station and the drive-thru window.
That was old school politicking in the United States. It was charming. It was funny. It is meant to highlight the disconnect between what Kamala Harris says she is and what she is.
You’ll recall that she has now claimed multiple times that she worked at McDonald’s while she was a college student. And there are some fairly serious questions about whether that’s true or not. She has yet to name which McDonald’s she actually worked at. There are no records of her having worked at McDonald’s so far as anyone is aware.
It’s not really a big deal, except that it undermines any claim of authenticity that she has, because she is completely ersatz. She is the vinyl of actual human beings. She is not made of anything organic as a candidate.
So Trump went to a McDonald’s, worked the drive-thru window, and looked perfectly authentic there.
I don’t care whether you like Donald Trump or you hate Donald Trump. He is excellent at this. It’s a special quality that some politicians have; he is amazingly good one-on-one with people.
Trump speaks to people as though they are family. Donald Trump enjoys other human beings.
Kamala Harris doesn’t look like she’s ever met a human.
I’m not sure a lot of other politicians would be able to get away with what Trump did, except that he eats McDonald’s all the time. When he was president of the United States, he had a giant meal sponsored at the White House in the giant reception room that was filled with fast food from places like McDonald’s.
And at McDonald’s, he looked like he was having a good time, which is a good indication that he is winning, because you can often tell a winning campaign from a losing campaign by who’s having a better time on the campaign trail.
Losing campaigns are relentless and grueling and annoying, and the candidate seems weathered and doesn’t want to be there.
And that’s how it feels with Kamala Harris.
Trump is in a very good mood. He’s definitely enjoying this campaign.
Kamala Harris is definitely not enjoying this campaign.
And that should tell you something.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
