Headline:
 Trump Supporter Sues Cali Sheriff For Accusing Him Of Trying To Assassinate Trump 

Date:
 Oct 17, 2024 

Article Text:
 The sheriff has since conceded that Miller might not have been trying to hurt Trump
Vem Miller, a Nevada man who was arrested last weekend outside a Trump rally, is suing Riverside County Sheriff Chad Bianco for creating “a false narrative against Miller” when he alleged Miller was trying to assassinate former President Donald Trump, whom Miller says he fully supports.
Miller was arrested for allegedly having a fake pass to the rally — which Miller has denied — and numerous illegal, loaded weapons in his vehicle. Sheriff Bianco told the press following Miller’s arrest that his team likely stopped a third assassination attempt on the former president.
“I probably did have deputies that prevented the third assassination attempt,” Bianco said. “I truly do believe that we prevented another assassination attempt.”
In his lawsuit, Miller says Bianco “wanted to create a narrative so as to be viewed as a ‘heroic’ Sheriff who saved Presidential candidate Trump from a third assassination attempt.”
Miller further contends that Bianco made false statements about him even after he was notified by Secret Service and the FBI that they did not view Miller as a threat.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
“Even after being notified by both United States Secret Service and Federal Bureau of Investigation that they did not believe Miller was a threat and declined to interview him, Defendant Bianco continued to make preposterous allegations against Miller, holding press conferences perpetuating his delusional and false narrative,” the complaint reads.
On Tuesday, Bianco told the Los Angeles Times that it was possible that Miller had not been at the rally to hurt Trump. “Three days later, IF everything Mr. Miller has said is true, and I really hope it is, then he probably wasn’t there to hurt former President Trump,” the sheriff said via text message. “I definitely said it and can’t change that.”
“There is no way for us to know for sure,” Bianco added. “That is up to further investigation, if any, from the FBI.”
Miller has spoken to the press in the aftermath of the arrest and repeatedly stated that he’s a supporter of Trump, “100%.” He also said he’s been to numerous Trump rallies and typically informs officers at the rallies that he has legal firearms in his vehicle.
However, at the Coachella, California rally, where Miller was arrested, he said his guns were not legal. Miller said he didn’t realize there were different laws in California than in Nevada and made a mistake.
Related: Sheriff Shares New Details About Suspect Arrested In What He Claims Was ‘Assassination Attempt’
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
