Headline:
 Trump Says Intel Leak On Israeli Military’s Plans ‘Probably Came From Defense Department’ 

Date:
 Oct 22, 2024 

Article Text:
 "Israel no longer wants to share documents with U.S., and who can blame them!"
Former President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that the U.S. Department of Defense is “probably” responsible for leaking Israel’s military plans for an alleged attack on Iran.
Last week, top-secret documents were posted on pro-Iranian social media accounts that reportedly showed U.S. intel on Israeli military movements in preparation for a retaliatory attack on Iran. U.S. officials said they are concerned about what appeared to be a “very serious security breach within the U.S. intelligence community,” Axios reported.
On Tuesday morning, Trump wrote on Truth Social that the leak “Probably came from [the] Defense Department” and “seriously damaged and compromised” Israel.
“U.S. leaked highly confidential Documents from Israel. May have come from Defense Department,” Trump wrote. “Israel has been seriously damaged and compromised by this. Wartime strategy and data. Probably came from Defense Department. MUST FIND THE LEAKER! Israel no longer wants to share documents with U.S., and who can blame them!”
The U.S. intelligence leak reportedly included two top-secret documents, which appeared to be from the National Security Agency and the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. The White House said on Monday that no other sensitive documents were compromised, CNN reported. The FBI is leading an investigation into the leak, seeking to determine who had access to the documents.
“We don’t have any indication at this point that there’s an expectation that there will be additional documents like this finding their way into the public domain,” National Security Council spokesman John Kirby said on Monday.
Last Friday, a Telegram channel called “Middle East Spectator” claimed it had received the documents from a source within the U.S. intelligence community, according to Axios. The Department of Defense and Office of the Director of National Intelligence did not dispute the authenticity of the documents.
The intelligence documents, allegedly produced from U.S. satellite observations, showed the Israeli Air Force (IAF) moving planes and preparing munitions. The IAF also reportedly conducted “a large exercise” last week as it prepared for a potential strike on Iran after Iran’s massive rocket attack on Israel earlier this month.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
House Speaker Mike Johnson (R-LA) told CNN’s Jake Tapper on Sunday that the intelligence leak is “very concerning,” adding that he spoke to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Saturday “to encourage him.”
“He’s done an extraordinary job, I think, prosecuting that war,” Johnson said. “And if he had taken Joe Biden’s advice, they’d be in a much weaker position right now.”
Speaker Johnson slams leak of US intel on Israel’s plans to strike Iran: ‘Very concerning’ pic.twitter.com/Qk11xlVQPY
— New York Post (@nypost) October 20, 2024

Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
