Headline:
 Trump Warns That Black Neighborhoods Will Be ‘Majority Migrant’ If Kamala Wins 

Date:
 Oct 16, 2024 

Article Text:
 "Inflation is hell. Worse, their cities are being used as illegal alien dumping grounds."
Former President Donald Trump warned on Wednesday that black communities will lose their “political power” if Vice President Kamala Harris gets four years in the White House, arguing that black neighborhoods will be overrun by migrants.
Trump posted the warning on Truth Social as he boasted that Harris appears to be losing ground among black voters. A New York Times/Siena poll released last week shows Harris trailing President Joe Biden’s 2020 numbers among black voters by around 10 points. The same poll shows Trump performing better than he has with black voters as 15% said they are backing the Republican nominee.
“Kamala’s support is collapsing with Black voters. Inflation is hell. Worse, their cities are being used as illegal alien dumping grounds. If Kamala gets 4 more years, the Black Community loses its political power forever because their neighborhoods will all be majority migrant,” Trump wrote.
Illegal immigration and the economy have been the focal points of Trump’s campaign. Last month, Trump told supporters in North Carolina that illegal immigrants let in by the Biden-Harris administration’s border policies are “crushing the jobs and wages of African American workers and Hispanic American workers, and also union members.”
“They’re taking your jobs. … What we’re doing to this country is so sad,” he added.
Under Biden and Harris’ watch, Customs and Border Protection has reported over 10 million illegal immigrant encounters at the southern border along with nearly two million more “gotaways.” Cities with large black populations, such as New York and Chicago, have seen massive surges in migrant arrivals since Biden and Harris took office.
Trump has also reached out to black voters by contrasting his policies with the Biden-Harris administration’s record on the economy and inflation.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
“The inflation is absolutely destroying our middle class, our working class, virtually every class. Inflation is a disaster in our country,” Trump said during the National Association of Black Journalists (NABJ) Conference in July, adding, “People can’t buy houses. They no longer have the American Dream. Young people, young black people, they don’t have the American Dream anymore.”
To address high inflation, Trump said, “We have to bring down the cost of energy. … This was all started by a bad energy policy by Joe Biden.”
Earlier this week, Harris dismissed concerns that she’s struggling with black voters, saying, “One, that’s not my experience. Two, Election Day has not arrived yet.”
“It’s incumbent on me to earn their support, that’s why I’m talking to folks about the work I’ve done in my career,” she added.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
