Headline:
 Trump Blasts Dem Senators’ Attempts To Tie Themselves To Him Days Before Election 

Date:
 Oct 23, 2024 

Article Text:
 "These Democrats have voted with Crooked Joe Biden almost 100% of the time."
Former President Donald Trump ripped Democrat senators on Wednesday for attempting to tie themselves to some of his policies as they seek re-election.
Sens. Bob Casey (D-PA), Tammy Baldwin (D-WI), Sherrod Brown (D-OH), and Jon Tester (D-MT), who are all running against Republicans in tight races, have released ads promoting their support of certain Trump administration policies, Axios reported. Trump slammed the senators in a post on Truth Social, saying they “only pretend” to support his policies “when Elections roll around.”
“Kamala Harris’ sinking Campaign has become so TOXIC, that Democrat Senators in four different States are using me in their advertisements, and stating that they are with President Trump on Tariffs, and numerous other things. While it is a great compliment, it is not fair to those Republican Senate Candidates, Bernie Moreno, Dave McCormick, Eric Hovde, and Sam Brown, who are with me all the time,” Trump wrote. “These Democrats have voted with Crooked Joe Biden almost 100% of the time. They only pretend to be on my side when Elections roll around. OHIO, PENNSYLVANIA, WISCONSIN, NEVADA: VOTE FOR BERNIE MORENO, DAVE MCCORMICK, ERIC HOVDE, AND SAM BROWN – THEY ARE THE ONES WHO ARE WITH US!”
In a Casey ad that was released last week, the narrator says that “Casey bucked Biden to protect fracking and he sided with Trump to end NAFTA and put tariffs on China to stop them from cheating.” A Baldwin ad states, “Tammy Baldwin got President Trump to sign her Made in America bill.”
An ad released earlier this year says that Brown “wrote a bill that Donald Trump signed to crack down on drugs at the border.” Tester, meanwhile, has been featured in ads that feature Republicans who will be voting for Trump and backing Tester.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
Michigan Democratic Rep. Elissa Slotkin, who is running for retiring Sen. Debbie Stabenow’s seat, also boasts in a recent ad that she “wrote a law signed by President Trump forcing drug companies to show their actual prices.”
Trump and Republican Senate candidates have recently gained ground in the polling. In Pennsylvania, Casey’s lead over Dave McCormick has been cut from 5 points at the end of September to just 1.9 points as of Wednesday afternoon, according to the RealClearPolitics average. In Wisconsin, Baldwin leads Republican Eric Hovde by just 1.5 points, and in Ohio, Brown is ahead of Bernie Moreno by less than 1 percentage point per the RCP average. Republican Tim Sheehy is favored to take Tester’s seat in Montana as he leads the Democrat by an average of 7 points in the polls.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
