Headline:
 Trump Rocks Madison Square Garden, Kamala Panics 

Date:
 Oct 28, 2024 

Article Text:
 If you look at the behavior of the two campaigns, it is pretty clear whom both campaigns think is ahead.
We are now one week and one day away from the biggest election of our lifetime, the 2024 election, and Donald Trump is not only closing fast, he is closing big.
On Sunday night, Donald Trump held a rally at Madison Square Garden. He packed the house. 20,000 people showed up. There were tens of thousands of people in the streets outside. No real signs of protest.
If you look at the behavior of the two campaigns, it is pretty clear whom both campaigns think is ahead. Donald Trump believes he’s ahead. Kamala Harris seems to believe that Trump is ahead — and you can tell because there’s a desperation play by the Kamala Harris campaign and her surrogates to call Trump Hitler.
Tim Walz suggested that the Madison Square Garden rally was just like a Hitler rally. The inestimably stupid Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said the same thing. Harris herself did a little speech from the vice presidential residence likening Trump to Hitler.
That’s Harris’ closing pitch. It takes a lot of gall to see just what happened at Madison Square Garden on Sunday as some sort of Nazi rally.
There were Israeli flags hanging from the rafters. There were tons of Orthodox Jews who showed up — and Orthodox Jews are going to vote for Donald Trump virtually unanimously.
Everybody thinks that what Trump does at these rallies is very corny because he has Lee Greenwood singing “God Bless the U.S.A.,” because there are lots of American flags and lots of MAGA hats. It looks like a family reunion. That is the appeal.
And that appeal can’t be understood by the more sophisticated set, but it is a very real appeal nonetheless.
Trump was in a very good mood, joking about Harris being lost when her teleprompter broke. Last Friday, he went on Joe Rogan’s show, and he was great. He feels like he’s winning.
The other evidence that Trump is winning is not just that he is happy and that the person campaigning happy tends to be the person who’s ahead, it’s also that Kamala Harris is clearly flailing.
Harris was asked over the weekend by a reporter about the internal polling from her campaign and she answered that her internal polling was her “instinct,” adding,  “I let the campaign people deal with all that other stuff.”
But here’s the kicker: she doesn’t have any political instincts. She doesn’t have positions. Everything she does is poll-tested. Everything that she’s doing right now is a trial balloon, which she then immediately shoots down if it doesn’t get the response that she wants.
Everything seems to be failing for her. She held a rally over the weekend and Beyoncé was supposed to show up. Tons of people showed up because they figured Beyoncé would perform and they would get a free Beyoncé concert.
One problem: the packed crowd showed up and so did Beyoncé, who spoke for a couple of minutes, waved to the crowd and left.
Nothing is working for Harris right now.
And you can tell the preemptive sense of panic has totally set in among Democrats in a major way.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
