Headline:
 Trump Rips Kamala’s Lie That He’s Canceling Events 

Date:
 Oct 18, 2024 

Article Text:
 She's a "loser who doesn't have the energy of a rabbit", Trump said.
Former President Donald Trump slammed Vice President Kamala Harris‘ claim that he has been canceling events because of fatigue in recent days.
Trump, who has significantly outpaced Harris in the number of media appearances given on the campaign trail, made the remarks while speaking to reporters on the tarmac in Romulus, Michigan.
“Kamala Harris says you’re exhausted,” a reporter said. “Are you exhausted?”
“What event did I cancel? I haven’t canceled,” Trump said. “She doesn’t go to any events. She’s a loser. She doesn’t go to any events. She didn’t even show up to the Catholics event last night at the hotel. It was insulting.”
Trump was referencing the 79th Alfred E. Smith Memorial Foundation Dinner in New York City that Harris refused to attend this week.
“Today I was at Fox and Friends at seven in the morning,” he said. “I then went to two different other appearances. I then made about 15 phone calls. I’ve gone 48 days now without a rest, and I’ve got that loser who doesn’t have the energy of a rabbit.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
“Let me tell you something, she should have been last night with the Catholics,” he continued. “So all they do is put out sound bites. Tell me when you’ve seen me take even a little bit of a rest. Not only am I not, I’m not even tired. I’m really exhilarated. You know why? We’re killing her in the polls, because the American people don’t want her. She didn’t pass her bar exam. She’s not a smart person. She’s not a person that should represent our country. So I just want to let you know that very clearly.”
WATCH:
Q: Kamala says you’re “exhausted” and that’s why you’re canceling events?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: What event did I cancel? I haven’t canceled. She doesn’t go to any events. She’s a loser. She didn’t even show up for the Catholics last night. It was insulting. All they are is sound… pic.twitter.com/IGM2ISzi7o
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) October 18, 2024
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
