Headline:
 Trump Campaign Says It Won Battle In Pennsylvania, Early In-Person Voting Can Continue 

Date:
 Oct 30, 2024 

Article Text:
 "We just won the Trump Campaign/RNC lawsuit against Bucks County, PA," a statement from the GOP Chairman read.
GOP Chairman Michael Whatley announced that former President Donald Trump’s campaign has won its lawsuit against Buck County, Pennsylvania, after it said voters were turned away from early in-person voting that ended in the state on October 29.
“PENNSYLVANIA LAWSUIT VICTORY,” Whatley wrote on Wednesday on X. “We just won the Trump Campaign/RNC lawsuit against Bucks County, PA.”
“We will now have extended early in-person mail-voting through November 1st — three extra days,” he added. “We will keep fighting. Go vote! Stay in line!”
In an earlier statement from Trump’s campaign, it announced that “the Trump-Vance Campaign filed a lawsuit against Bucks County, Pennsylvania for turning away voters. This is a direct violation of Pennsylvanians’ rights to cast their ballot – and all voters have a right to STAY in line.”
PENNSYLVANIA LAWSUIT VICTORY
We just won the Trump Campaign/RNC lawsuit against Bucks County, PA.
We will now have extended early in-person mail-voting through November 1st — three extra days.
We will keep fighting. Go vote! Stay in line!
— Michael Whatley (@ChairmanWhatley) October 30, 2024
“The Pennsylvania Department of State made clear if voters are in line at a county elections office by 5:00PM, the counties MUST give voters the opportunity to apply for their mail-in ballot,” the statement added. “Pennsylvania voters were turned away as early as 2:30PM.”
Videos surfaced on Tuesday on X that showed voters in the county were being turned away from centers that had long lines.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
Political Director of the Trump 2024 Campaign & Republican National Committee James Blair shared one clip that showed long lines wrapped around a building.
“There’s been lines like this for days across counties in PA,” Blair wrote. “Only for elections officials to come out and push people out of line and tell them to come back. Voter suppression!”
In another effort to have a secure and fair election, the Supreme Court of the United States ruled on Wednesday that Virginia can go forward with removing around 1,600 non-citizens from its voter rolls after two lower courts ruled in favor of the Biden-Harris Department of Justice’s request to block the commonwealth’s voter roll purge, as The Daily Wire reported.
A majority of the Supreme Court granted Virginia’s request for a stay on a U.S. District Court’s order, with liberal Justices Sonia Sotomayor, Elena Kagan, and Ketanji Brown Jackson saying they would’ve denied Virginia’s request.
“We are pleased by the Supreme Court’s order today. This is a victory for commonsense and election fairness. I am grateful for the work of Attorney General @JasonMiyaresVA on this critical fight to protect the fundamental rights of U.S. citizens,” Virginia Republican Gov. Glenn Youngkin posted on social media. “Clean voter rolls are one important part of a comprehensive approach we are taking to ensure the fairness of our elections.”
Zach Jewell contributed to this piece.
Related: Nevada Supreme Court Rules On Counting Ballots Received After Election Day Without Postmarks
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
