Headline:
 Trump Tells Supporters Biden-Harris Have ‘Treated You Like Garbage’ 

Date:
 Oct 30, 2024 

Article Text:
 "You can't lead America if you don't love Americans."
Former President Donald Trump told a crowd of his supporters on Wednesday that the Biden-Harris administration has treated them “like garbage,” highlighting President Joe Biden’s description of Trump supporters as “garbage.”
During a campaign call on Tuesday night, Biden slammed comedian Tony Hinchcliffe’s joke at a Trump rally last weekend after the comedian called Puerto Rico “a floating island of garbage.” In response, Biden said, “The only garbage I see floating out there is [Trump’s] supporters.”
Trump again brought up Biden’s comments at a rally in the battleground state of North Carolina on Wednesday, saying, “We know it’s what they believe because look how they’ve treated you. They’ve treated you like garbage.”
“You know what the truth is, they’ve treated our whole country like garbage, whether they meant to or not,” he added. “Because they’re grossly incompetent people, and they’ve destroyed our country.”
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Biden’s “GARBAGE” comments “were the direct result of Kamala and Tim Walz’s decision to portray everyone who isn’t voting for them as evil or sub-human… And we know it’s what they believe because look how they’ve treated you. They’ve treated you like garbage.” pic.twitter.com/gLK0HEkXPZ
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) October 30, 2024

Trump also ripped Vice President Kamala Harris for “comparing her political opponents to the most evil mass murderers in history.”
“My response to Joe and Kamala is very simple,” Trump added. “You can’t lead America if you don’t love Americans.”
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Speaking on a call for her campaign last night, Biden finally said what he and Kamala *really* think of our supporters — he called them “garbage.”
My response is simple: you can’t LEAD America if you don’t LOVE Americans.pic.twitter.com/MtTXZryE9N
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) October 30, 2024
Biden’s characterization of Trump supporters as “garbage” was roundly condemned, and the president attempted to explain his way out of it by claiming that he was referring to Trump supporters’ rhetoric as being “garbage.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
“Earlier today I referred to the hateful rhetoric about Puerto Rico spewed by Trump’s supporter at his Madison Square Garden rally as garbage—which is the only word I can think of to describe it. His demonization of Latinos is unconscionable. That’s all I meant to say. The comments at that rally don’t reflect who we are as a nation,” Biden wrote.
Asked about Biden’s comment, Harris told reporters, “Listen, I think, first of all, he clarified his comments, but let me be clear: I strongly disagree with any criticism of people based on who they vote for. You heard my speech last night and continuously throughout my career. I believe that the work that I do is about representing all the people whether they support me or not.”
In the final stretch of the 2024 campaign, Harris has labeled Trump a “fascist” and claimed that he would use the military against his political opponents.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
