Headline:
 Trump Says Kamala Has ‘Lost’ Catholic Support After ‘Unprecedented’ Targeting 

Date:
 Oct 25, 2024 

Article Text:
 Trump is looking to consolidate support from Catholics ahead of Election Day.
Former President Donald Trump said Friday that Vice President Kamala Harris had “finally lost” the Catholic vote after “unprecedented” targeting from the Democratic Party.
Trump’s comments come after Harris told a reporter that she would not back religious exemptions to abortions and as Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has been pushing Catholics to back Trump’s candidacy. Polling has shown that Trump is backed by 61% of Protestant Christians and 52% of Catholic voters.
“Kamala Harris has finally lost the Catholic vote. Her and the Democrat’s persecution of the Catholic Church is unprecedented! Her poll numbers have dropped like a rock, both with Catholics, and otherwise,” Trump posted on Truth Social. “What took so long?”
CatholicVote recently rolled out a $250,000 ad campaign featuring RFK Jr. where he asks Catholics to unite behind Trump. The ad will air in Pennsylvania and other swing states.
“President Trump has promised to take bold action on our economy, on the border, and on restoring children’s health. The Democratic Party has become the party of war, censorship, and corruption,” RFK Jr. says in the ad. “Catholics may disagree on many issues, but we must find a way to love our children more than we hate each other. I hope you’ll join me in supporting Donald Trump.”
Trump’s Truth Social post also called out Harris, who has close ties to Planned Parenthood, for her full embrace of abortion. As attorney general of California, Harris raided the apartment of pro-life activist and Catholic David Daleiden after he released undercover footage exposing the sale of aborted babies’ body parts.
“Kamala is DEMANDING LATE TERM ABORTION, in months 7, 8, and 9, and even execution after birth, and people aren’t buying it – and they never will. She is a Radical Left Lunatic!” Trump posted.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
Trump’s post came two days after he criticized Harris over the persecution of Armenian Christians during the Biden-Harris administration.
“Kamala Harris did NOTHING as 120,000 Armenian Christians were horrifically persecuted and forcibly displaced in Artsakh. Christians around the World will not be safe if Kamala Harris is President of the United States. When I am President, I will protect persecuted Christians, I will work to stop the violence and ethnic cleansing, and we will restore PEACE between Armenia and Azerbaijan,” he said.
Data from the Pew Research Center indicates that Christians largely back Trump’s campaign, including 82% of white evangelicals, 58% of white non-evangelicals, and 61% of white Catholic voters.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
