Headline:
 Trump Tells 6-Year-Old His Favorite Farm Animal And How Kamala’s Going To Take Them Away 

Date:
 Oct 18, 2024 

Article Text:
 "I love cows, but if we go with Kamala, you won't have any cows anymore because you aren't allowed to," Trump said.
Former President Donald Trump told a six-year-old from Massachusetts what his favorite animal was and how Vice President Kamala Harris is focused on taking them away.
During Trump’s appearance on Fox and Friends, the hosts threw to a clip of young kids asking a variety of questions to the president, with Trump tying it back to the Left and Democrats’ insane policies to fight so-called climate change.
“Well, you know, I’ll tell you what I love, I love cows,” Trump said. “But if we go with Kamala, you won’t have any cows anymore because you aren’t allowed to. I don’t want to ruin this kid’s day.”
“I love cows,” he added. “I think they’re so cute and so beautiful and so — but according to Kamala, who’s a radical Left lunatic, you will not have any cows anymore.”
So fun: A 6-year-old asked Donald Trump what his favorite farm animal was.
Trump’s response: “I love cows but if we go with Kamala, you won’t have any cows anymore.”
A great tie in from Trump to highlight Kamala’s threat to ban red meat consumption because of the climate. pic.twitter.com/QmEmgqwRJo
— Steve Guest (@SteveGuest) October 18, 2024
In 2019, then-Sen. Harris (D-CA) attended a CNN Townhall before she became part of President Joe Biden’s administration in which she agreed that there should be incentives to reduce the consumption of red meat in the name of fighting climate change.
At one point during his appearance, Trump also praised billionaire CEO Elon Musk and his SpaceX launch.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
“Look, I watched a rocketship land four days ago,” the former president said. “This guy is unbelievable. I was on the phone talking to somebody on the phone and half falling asleep. An important guy, but a very boring guy.”
“The television … the sound is off and I see this massive like twenty-story tall thing and I thought it was a space movie or something,” he added. “This guy is so brilliant. I watch it come down and you can see it is still in good shape, but it’s burned to hell because it was traveling at 10,000 miles an hour … so it’s like a piece of fire.”
“And it’s coming down, and I said, ‘Oh, man that’s going to crash into the gantry,'” Trump continued. “And then I see the two arms grab it and it is like perfect. I said that could only be Elon.”
Trump then noted that Musk had hit the campaign trail for him, campaigning in Pennsylvania. On Thursday, the founder of X appeared at a campaign rally in Folsom, Pennsylvania, and didn’t beat around the bush when he said that Trump must win for the “future of the world,” as previously reported.
“This election is going to decide the fate of America,” Musk told the enthusiastic crowd. “Along with the fate of America, the fate of western civilization.”
Related: Elon Musk Says With Four More Years Of Kamala, We’ll Have ‘Mad Max’
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
