Headline:
 Trump Won ‘Hearts And Minds’ During NYC Court Battles, Habba Says 

Date:
 Oct 27, 2024 

Article Text:
 "They are claiming we're going to go after them and try to put them in jail. Well ain't that rich?"
At the former President Donald Trump’s rally at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, his attorney and adviser, Alina Habba, spoke about the “lawfare” overshadowing the 2024 campaign.
Habba, who walked onto the stage wearing a “MAGA” jacket to “trigger Hillary Clinton,” said the world first got to know the Republican candidate on courtroom steps as Trump faced various legal battles in New York City.
“They thought they could take the greatest president down through lawfare, with lawsuits, fake charges, raids, and endless investigations,” Habba said. “They thought they could crush the man who built this city’s skyline,” she added. “But they underestimated how hard Trump would fight!”
Trump Senior Advisor @AlinaHabba: “This is the party of strength, resilience, and a voice that echoes around the world. Our voices can not be silenced and this movement will not be stopped.” pic.twitter.com/nqiSiH8Zvw
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) October 27, 2024

Habba said the rally had “rattled some of my favorite swamp creatures,” whom she said were “scrambling and trying to call us Nazis and fascists.” She also said, “They are claiming we’re going to go after them and try to put them in jail. Well ain’t that rich?”
After calling out Trump’s 2024 rival, Vice President Kamala Harris, saying, “Kamala, you want to talk about a fascist — no one has ever voted for you to become the Democrat nominee,” Habba exclaimed, “They tried to keep President Trump and his campaign in courtrooms being persecuted. But, do you know what he did while he was in those New York courtrooms? He won the hearts and minds of the American people all from this city!”
She added, “You see the deep state, they underestimate how smart we are, and they want the American people to fall in like a bunch of sheep. You know what they don’t realize, New York? We’re going to be the ones herding sheep out of the White House on November 5. Because, Kamala Harris, you are getting evicted from my president’s house!”
Habba was one of dozens of people lined up to speak at the rally in Madison Square Garden on Sunday. Trump is expected to deliver remarks, as is Sen. J.D. Vance (R-OH), Trump’s running mate; tech billionaire Elon Musk; Robert F. Kennedy Jr., a longtime Democrat who ran an independent campaign for president before joining forces with Trump; Tulsi Gabbard, a former Democrat congresswoman from Hawaii who recently joined the Republican Party; and many others.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
