Headline:
 Trump’s Bodyguard Describes How He Is A ‘Man Of The People’ 

Date:
 Nov 4, 2024 

Article Text:
 "He's a very unique gentleman, right? There's only one Donald J. Trump."
Keith Schiller, who worked as Donald Trump’s bodyguard for years before becoming his Director of Oval Office Operations, told Daily Wire host Michael Knowles on Monday morning that the media’s description of Trump’s character is far from reality.
During The Daily Wire’s “Election Wire” livestream, Knowles discussed Trump’s character with Schiller, a man who has been close to Trump for decades, serving as the director of security for the Trump Organization.
“The media has been saying for a decade now … [Trump] is awful and he’s a man of terrible character and everyone hates him and he’s a terrible person to be around,” Knowles said. “You have the personal insight. Tell us about the man personally.”
“The media has done a great job of building him up and knocking him down,” Schiller replied. “The truth is in the employees and the people he touches on a daily basis. He reaches out, he has rapport with long-term people that have been at his employ.”
“If he were such a bad person, he couldn’t keep people around him,” Schiller added. “There’s people … who love him. He’s a man of the people.”
Knowles brought up how even after becoming president, Trump always showed his appreciation for those serving around him, such as when he stopped before boarding Marine One to pick up a Marine’s hat that had blown off in the wind.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
Schiller also said that Trump “knows how to connect with people” on the campaign trail, pointing to how his supporters will line up “for miles” to greet his motorcade. Even though Trump is wealthy, Schiller said there is a genuineness about him that makes it easy for him to connect with Americans from “all walks of life.”
“He’s done that because he’s employed thousands upon thousands of people over the years, and he’s been able to get them behind them, make them feel a connection that’s so unique to him,” Schiller continued. “He’s a very unique gentleman, right? There’s only one Donald J. Trump.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
