Headline:
 Trump Says Kamala Is Running A ‘Campaign Of Absolute Hate’ 

Date:
 Oct 29, 2024 

Article Text:
 "She is a vessel. It’s a very big powerful party with smart people … but they’re vicious."
Former President Donald Trump blasted Vice President Kamala Harris on Tuesday and what he called her “campaign of absolute hate.”
During an event at his Mar-a-Lago estate, Trump accused Harris of “inexcusable” slander and lies as she and other Democrats ramp up their attacks on the former president, which have included calling him a “fascist.” Trump also argued that Harris is “unfit to be president,” adding that “her message has been a message of hate and division, and my message is about saving our economy, securing our border, and bringing together the greatest and broadest coalition in American history.”
“She’s running on a campaign of immoralization, and really a campaign of destruction. But really, perhaps more than anything else, it’s a campaign of hate. A campaign of absolute hate,” Trump said. “I said yesterday that she’s a vessel. She is a vessel. It’s a very big powerful party with smart people … but they’re vicious, and they’re perhaps even trying to destroy our country.”
“After two assassination attempts in just over three months, her lies and her slanders are very shameful and really inexcusable,” he added.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Very simply, Kamala Harris is the worst Vice President in history… Her message to Americans is all division and hate.
My message is about saving our economy, securing our border, and bringing together the greatest and broadest coalition in American history. pic.twitter.com/jATpBPr0sU
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) October 29, 2024

On Monday, Harris condemned Trump’s Madison Square Garden rally, which took place on Sunday. The vice president said the rally showed that Trump “is focused and actually fixated on his grievances, on himself, and on dividing our country.”
“There’s a big difference between he and I. If he were elected, on day one, he’s going to be sitting in the Oval Office working on his enemies list. On day one, if I am elected president of the United States, which I fully intend to be, I will be working on behalf of the American people on my to-do list,” Harris added.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
Harris also called a press conference at the vice president’s residence last week to slam Trump after an article in The Atlantic claimed that the Republican nominee praised Adolf Hitler’s generals and disparaged a slain U.S. Army private during conversations with his White House staff during his first term.
Citing the article, Harris claimed that Trump wants “unchecked power” and “vowed to use the military as his personal militia to carry out his personal and political vendettas.” The Atlantic article was refuted by the slain soldier’s family and multiple Trump administration officials.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
