Headline:
 Trump At MSG Says He’s Running Against ‘Something Far Bigger’ Than Kamala 

Date:
 Oct 28, 2024 

Article Text:
 "They're smart and they're vicious, and we have to defeat them."
During his Madison Square Garden rally in New York City on Sunday, former President Donald Trump said he was running against “something far bigger” than Vice President Kamala Harris.
Trump, who has a slight edge over Harris in national and top battleground state polls with just over a week until Election Day, talked about looking past the candidate and taking on what he described as the “radical Left machine” and the policy agency it wants to impress upon the U.S.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "We are not just running against Kamala — She means nothing. She is purely a vessel — We are running against something far bigger than Joe or Kamala and more powerful than them, which is a massive, vicious, crooked, radical left machine that runs today’s… pic.twitter.com/qBysdNKtSF
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) October 27, 2024


“We are just not running against Kamala — I think a lot of our politicians here tonight know this. She means nothing. She is purely a vessel, that’s all she is,” Trump said, adding later: “We are running against something far bigger than Joe or Kamala and far more powerful than them, which is a massive, vicious, crooked, radical Left machine that runs today’s Democrat Party.”
That’s not to say Trump did not knock Harris, the individual. During his remarks in the big Apple, Trump mocked Harris over her serving up word salads, not being more forthcoming about President’s Joe Biden’s health before he dropped out of the 2024 race this summer, and more. He quipped, “On issue after issue, Kamala broke it, but I will fix it,” getting cheers from the crowd.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: On issue after issue, KAMALA BROKE IT—I WILL FIX IT. pic.twitter.com/DbyhTSCFIF
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) October 27, 2024

Still, Trump’s larger point in his speech was that Biden and Harris are “perfect vessels because they’ll never give them a hard time. He explained further, “They’ll do whatever they want. I know many of them. It’s just an amorphous group of people. But they’re smart and they’re vicious, and we have to defeat them. And when I say the ‘enemy from within,’ the other side go crazy.”
Trump, who has long decried the “deep state” of bureaucrats and others frustrating his efforts at governance, said leftists “are doing such harm to our country with their open border policies, record-setting inflation, ‘Green New Scam,’ and everything else they are doing. But we’re not going to let it happen any longer. We’re going to have the biggest victory in the history of our country on November 5 … We’re going to make America great again.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
