Headline:
 Trump Responds To Biden Calling 74 Million Americans ‘Garbage’ 

Date:
 Oct 30, 2024 

Article Text:
 Trump said the attack was worse than Hillary Clinton calling Trump supporters "deplorable."
Former President Donald Trump said that President Joe Biden’s attack Tuesday night on the 74 million Americans who voted for him was “terrible.”
“That’s terrible,” Trump told the crowd. “Remember Hillary? She said ‘deplorable’ and then ‘irredeemable’ right? That didn’t work out.”
“Garbage I think is worse, right?” Trump continued. “But he doesn’t know, you have to please forgive him. Please forgive him, for he not knoweth what he said. These people, it’s terrible. Terrible. Terrible to say a thing like that, but he really doesn’t know, he really, honestly, he doesn’t and I’m convinced that he likes me more than he likes Kamala.”
BREAKING: Trump responds to Biden calling 74 million Americans “garbage”
Trump says that Biden’s comment is worse than Hillary Clinton calling Trump supporters “deplorable” pic.twitter.com/hEPtEAYAof
— Ryan Saavedra (@RealSaavedra) October 30, 2024
The Trump campaign released a statement shortly after Biden’s remarks went viral on X, saying that the former president is backed by a wide range of supporters who have been labeled by the Harris campaign as “fascists, Nazis, and now, garbage.”
“There’s no way to spin it: Joe Biden and Kamala Harris don’t just hate President Trump, they despise the tens of millions of Americans who support him,” the statement continued. “Kamala does not deserve four more years. President Trump will be a president for ALL Americans.”
Biden made the remark during a campaign call on Tuesday night as Vice President Kamala Harris was giving her closing argument to American voters before the election.
“Donald Trump has no character. He doesn’t give a damn about the Latino community,” Biden said.
“Just the other day, a speaker at his rally called Puerto Rico a floating island of garbage,” Biden continued, referencing remarks that were made at Trump’s rally at Madison Square Garden in New York City over the weekend by an insult comedian.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
“The only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters,” Biden said. “His demonization of Latinos is unconscionable, and it’s un-American. It’s totally contrary to everything we’ve done, everything we’ve been.”
The remarks from Biden in the final days of the 2024 presidential election undercut the message about “joy” and “turning the page” that his vice president, Kamala Harris, is pushing as the Democrat presidential nominee.
Biden’s divisive rhetoric comes after Trump has survived two assassination attempts over the last several months.
WATCH: President Joe Biden: “The only garbage I see floating out there is [Trump] supporters.” pic.twitter.com/9teSUOytqC
— Steve Guest (@SteveGuest) October 30, 2024
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
