Headline:
 Trump Promises Tariffs On All Products From Mexico Until It Curbs Flow Of Migrants Into U.S. 

Date:
 Nov 4, 2024 

Article Text:
 "It's Only Got a 100% Chance of Working"
On the last day of his campaign before Election Day, former President Donald Trump promised to place a 25% tariff on every product from Mexico unless the country stops the flow of migrants illegally crossing the U.S. southern border.
Trump unveiled the new policy on Monday to a crowd of supporters in North Carolina, an important battleground state, saying the tariff has a “100%” chance of working. While most of the tariff plans Trump has previously touted on the campaign trail focus on rejuvenating American manufacturing, his promise on Monday centered on addressing the border crisis that has skyrocketed under the Biden-Harris administration, another top issue of the former president’s campaign.
Trump said that “on day one or sooner,” he will inform Mexico’s new president, Claudia Sheinbaum, that if Mexico doesn’t “stop this onslaught of criminals and drugs coming into our country, I’m going to immediately impose a 25% tariff on everything they send into the United States of America.”
“And it’s only got a 100% chance of working,” Trump added. “Because if that doesn’t work, I’ll make it 50 [percent]. And if that doesn’t work, I’ll make it 75 [percent] for the tough guys. I’ll make it 100 [percent]. And at some point, they’ll have so many soldiers on their southern border, you know, their southern border is where they come in.”
Donald Trump proposes a 25% tariff on imported Mexican goods:
"If they don't stop this onslaught of criminals and drugs coming into our country, I'm going to immediately impose a 25% tariff… It's only got a 100% chance of working because if that doesn't work, I'll make it 50." pic.twitter.com/PTBzwZP9NK
— The Recount (@therecount) November 4, 2024

In September while speaking at a town hall event in Flint, Michigan, Trump vowed to put a 200% tariff on vehicles manufactured outside of the U.S., saying he wants to bring more car manufacturing back to places like Flint and Detroit.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
“They think they’re going to make their cars there and they’re going to sell them across our line and we’re going to take them and we’re not going to charge them tax. We’re going to charge them. I’m telling you right now, we’re putting a 200% tariff on them, which means they’re unsellable,” Trump said.
“And then you wonder why I get shot at,” he added. “You know, only consequential presidents get shot at. … But you have to do what you have to do. You have to be brave. Otherwise, you’re not going to have a country left.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
