Headline:
 Trump Works Fry Cooker At McDonald’s, Roasts Kamala: ‘I’ve Now Worked 15 Minutes More’ Than She Has 

Date:
 Oct 20, 2024 

Article Text:
 The former president donned an apron and handed out food at the drive-thru.
Former President Donald Trump made a stop on Sunday at a McDonald’s restaurant while campaigning in the key swing state of Pennsylvania.
Trump put on an apron, worked the fry cooker with the help of one of the employees, and handed out food at the drive-thru window.
President Trump SUITS UP for his shift at McDonald's.
Kamala could never! pic.twitter.com/YgAf27eeBV
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) October 20, 2024

A reporter asked Trump what his favorite thing to order was, to which he replied: “I like it all. I like every ounce of it. Everything! But I do like the french fries, where I’ll be working.”
President Trump becomes the first and only 2024 presidential nominee to work at McDonald's pic.twitter.com/hySlBqQLhi
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) October 20, 2024

Trump also took a swipe at his 2024 rival, Vice President Kamala Harris, who has said that she “did fries” and worked the cash register at McDonald’s while in college.
President Trump serves fries to a Fox 29 Philly crew in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. pic.twitter.com/hUnVM4b9OR
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) October 20, 2024

The Washington Free Beacon and others have raised questions about the claim as Harris never mentioned a job at McDonald’s in her resume, a job application, or her memoirs.
“I’ve now worked 15 minutes more than Kamala. She never worked here,” Trump quipped to people standing outside the drive-thru window.
"NOW I HAVE WORKED AT MCDONALD'S 15 MINUTES MORE THAN KAMALA." President @realDonaldTrump talks to the press outside the drive-thru at McDonald's. pic.twitter.com/XGFc08jmai
— Real America's Voice (RAV) (@RealAmVoice) October 20, 2024

CBS reported a large crowd of Trump’s supporters had gathered near the McDonald’s in Feasterville, Bucks County, to get a peek of the former president stopping by.
Trump, a well-known fast food aficionado, said McDonald’s is an “amazing business.” He added that “it’s an amazing country and we’re going to make America greater than ever before.”
After working the fryer at McDonald’s, I asked Trump if he thinks the minimum wage should be raised: “Well I think this. These people work hard. They’re great. And I just saw something… a process that’s beautiful,” Trump said. pic.twitter.com/pg2synNA59
— Olivia Rinaldi (@olivialarinaldi) October 20, 2024

Prior to his McDonald’s visit, Trump posted about Harris and President Joe Biden on his Truth Social platform. He mentioned his “No Tax On Tips” idea that Harris later copied.
Trump put on an apron and is handing customers food through a McDonald’s drive thru window pic.twitter.com/B4eCsjApTq
— Kate Sullivan (@KateSullivanDC) October 20, 2024

“We have checked with McDonald’s, and they say, definitively, that there is no record of Lyin’ Kamala Harris ever having worked there. In other words, she never worked there, and has lied about this ‘job’ for years,” he said.
President Trump has officially worked longer at McDonald’s than Kamala! pic.twitter.com/XkquGZ5uyp
— Team Trump (Text TRUMP to 88022) (@TeamTrump) October 20, 2024

MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
Trump added, “Additionally, Kamala Harris and Joe Biden are killing franchises, want to end all franchises, which will destroy values and jobs. Also, remember, from me, No Tax On Tips!”
With less than two weeks before Election Day, polls in Pennsylvania and other battleground states have shown Trump leading Harris. Betting markets have similarly favored Trump in recent days.
Trump held a rally in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, on Saturday. He is expected to participate in a town hall in Lancaster County on Sunday after his stop at McDonald’s and attend a Steelers game in the evening.
Billionaire tech entrepreneur Elon Musk is also campaigning for Trump in Pennsylvania.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
