Headline:
 Trump Says He Will Ban Transgender Athletes From Women’s Sports: ‘Can’t Have It’ 

Date:
 Oct 16, 2024 

Article Text:
 "You just ban it," Trump said.
President Donald Trump said this week that the solution to stopping men from playing in women’s sports was to simply ban it at the federal level through executive action.
Trump made the remarks during a Fox News town hall with female voters on Wednesday afternoon with host Harris Faulkner.
When asked, nearly every woman in the audience raised their hand and said that men pretending to be women playing in women’s sports was a serious concern for them.
Linda from Georgia asked Trump: “How do you plan on addressing the transgender issue in women’s sports?”
“I have nine grandchildren, six of them female, all playing sports, and we are very concerned for their safety, not just on the field and the courts, but in their locker rooms as well,” she said.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
Trump responded, “It’s such an easy question, and everybody in the room, and you know that answer, we’re not going to let it happen.”
The former president highlighted examples of men dominating women in sports ranging from volleyball to swimming where women are being hurt and the men are shattering records.
“You can’t have it,” Trump said.
When asked about the best way to stop it, Trump responded: “You just ban it. The president bans it. You just don’t let it happen. Not a big deal.”
WATCH:
Trump town hall attendee: “How do you plan on addressing the transgender issue in women’s sports? I have 9 grandchildren, 6 of them female, all playing sports. We are very concerned for their safety.”@realDonaldTrump: “It’s such an easy question. We’re not going to let it… pic.twitter.com/0dzrc7zYQ2
— Steve Guest (@SteveGuest) October 16, 2024
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
