Headline:
 ‘Understand What’s At Stake’: Heritage President Urges People Of Faith To Vote Against Kamala 

Date:
 Nov 1, 2024 

Article Text:
 "People of faith ... need to understand what's at stake. We're going to lose our ability to worship."
Heritage Action for America’s President Kevin Roberts called on Americans of faith to get out to the polls, warning that Kamala Harris is the most “anti-religion” candidate the United States has ever seen.
“I don’t believe it is hyperbole to claim that Vice President Kamala Harris is the most anti-faith, anti-religion presidential candidate in our history,” Roberts said during a media roundtable on Friday.
Roberts, who is Catholic, drew on Culture Research Center polling that found only 51% of religious Americans are likely to vote in the 2024 election. According to that research, the other 49% of religious Americans who don’t plan to vote represents about 104 million eligible non-voters.
Roberts argued that they need to get to the polls — or they may lose their ability to worship.
“People of faith who are worried about the choice they are making really need to understand what’s at stake,” he said. “We’re going to lose our ability to worship. We’re going to lose our religious liberty if the Harris, Walz campaign prevails.”
“There are people of faith who are sitting on the sidelines, because they have forgotten that we’re electing a president, not a pastor,” Roberts argued. “None of us are perfect. I’m not perfect. None of you, dare I say, are perfect. We believe in the doctrine of original sin. Donald Trump therefore is not perfect. Even my Catholic friend JD Vance is not perfect.”
The Heritage Foundation president discussed how some religious voters may have qualms with Trump’s abortion policies. Trump has said that he would not sign a national law protecting the unborn — a move that some Republicans view as a political necessity, but many pro-lifers have taken as a betrayal.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
“While certainly the position of Heritage Action and the Heritage Foundation is more robust than where President Trump is, [religious voters] need to remember the former president’s track record on this,” Roberts said, referring to Trump’s legacy as the president to appoint the Supreme Court justices to overturn Roe v. Wade.
Trump is also the first president to attend the national March for Life in person, appointed a slew of pro-life federal judges throughout his time as president, signed an executive order protecting babies born alive in botched abortions, and significantly slashed Planned Parenthood’s federal funding.
“If President Trump and Senator Vance are elected next Tuesday, there is a far greater chance of being able to work with them and the people they appoint on issues that matter to us, including abortion and including religious liberty,” Roberts said. “I think in contrast, there’s a 0% chance we get that opportunity in a Harris, Walz administration. On abortion, on religious freedom, people of faith need to be mindful of that.”
Harris has previously drawn fire for suggesting that a Catholic jurist, Brian Buescher, was unfit to serve as a judge due to his Catholic beliefs, specifically suggesting that holding Catholic teaching on abortion and gay marriage is disqualifying for a judge. She sponsored the FACT Act as California’s attorney general, a law requiring pro-life pregnancy centers to post advertisements about where women can get abortions (the Supreme Court struck this law down several years later).
As California attorney general, she also targeted pro-life activist David Daleiden for his undercover investigations alleging that Planned Parenthood was illegally selling aborted baby body parts. Planned Parenthood has repeatedly given Harris a perfect score on their congressional scorecard, since she supports unlimited abortions and emphatically promotes abortion as “reproductive rights.”
Most recently, she alarmed proponents of religious freedom by saying she would not allow religious exemptions for abortions as president. Religious liberty advocates have said Harris was expressing support for unconstitutionally forcing medical professionals to violate their religious beliefs by performing abortions.
Jackson: “Religious exemptions [to abortion], for example? Is that something you would consider?”
⁰Harris: “I don’t think we should be making concessions when we are talking about a fundamental freedom to make decisions about your own body.” pic.twitter.com/AVzyKEjBrG
— Mary Margaret Olohan (@MaryMargOlohan) October 22, 2024
“She was emphatic last week or so when she made that comment about eliminating religious exemptions,” Roberts told The Daily Wire of Harris. “And obviously, that’s something that is a real problem even for people of no faith. Because if you eliminate our first freedom, which is to believe and worship as we shall, then all of the others are endangered. And that also is not hyperbole, because we have surrogates of the vice president’s campaign out there talking about beginning to abrogate the freedom of speech.”
“This is what we’re up against,” he warned. “I think we’ve got to be ready to saddle up if, in fact, they prevail.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
