Headline:
 WSJ Dismisses Attacks On Trump’s ‘Mental Decline’ After 90-Minute Interview 

Date:
 Oct 20, 2024 

Article Text:
 "No sign of such slippage"
No evidence of former president Donald Trump’s alleged “mental decline” showed during Trump’s 90-minute interview with The Wall Street Journal’s editorial board last week.
The former president’s age, 78, and mental acuity have become targets lately of Vice President Kamala Harris’ presidential campaign and other critics. The WSJ editorial board found no basis for the attacks during a lengthy interview with Trump on Thursday, however.
In some ways, Trump seemed more knowledgeable and competent during the 90-minute grilling than he did eight years ago during his first run for the White House, according to WSJ.
According to WSJ’s report on the meeting: “Lately Mr. Trump’s detractors have been speculating about his ‘mental decline.’ There’s no sign of such slippage in our Thursday meeting. The 2024 Trump seems more confident and is certainly more knowledgeable about policy than he was in 2015. His discursive style of talking can confuse listeners, but that was equally true nine years ago, and he never appears lost in his thoughts the way President Biden repeatedly did in their June debate.”
Harris, who turned 60 on Sunday, has campaigned on the difference in age between herself and the former president, in addition to other issues. In a recent interview on Fox News, Harris said she represents a “new generation of leadership.” Over the weekend, Harris attacked Trump as “increasingly unstable and unhinged.”
“He’s becoming increasingly unstable and unhinged, and it requires that response,” Harris told reporters on Saturday, according to CNN. “I think the American people deserve better than someone who actually seems to be unstable.”
While Harris continues to question Trump’s fitness for office, she has avoided criticizing 81-year-old President Joe Biden, who’s mental acuity and health was seized on by Democrats who wanted Biden to end his reelection bid after the June 27 presidential debate. During the debate, Biden appeared muddled and nonsensical at times. Biden trailed Trump in polling amid the pressure to drop from the race.
Harris has maintained that Biden’s mental acuity has not suffered at all during his time as president, and she has continuously defended the president over questions about his health despite the misgivings voiced by Democrats and donors prior to Biden dropping out of the race.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
