Headline:
 ‘You Have To Fight Like Hell’: Trump Sits Down With ‘Bussin’ With The Boys’ Podcast 

Date:
 Oct 15, 2024 

Article Text:
 "You have to fight like hell and try not to let it get you down," the former president said.
Former President Donald Trump sat down with the hosts of the “Bussin’ with the Boys” podcast to talk about the election, the insanity of transgender athletes in women’s sports, and his resilience following multiple assassination attempts and the lawfare against him.
During the interview released on Tuesday, Trump was asked a host of questions, including how he planned to unite the country given the heated, divided state we have now.
“You want to see the country united, but we have two very different, you have a very conservative side and a conservative side and then you have people that want to see an open border and things,” Trump said.
“A lot of it’s so far out, like for instance, they want men playing in women’s sports,” he added. “I don’t think I could ever say I’m thrilled about that, okay? I’ve seen it. I’ve seen people really hurt.”

Trump talked about the 2024 Summer Olympics in Paris where two boxers who failed chromosome tests were allowed to compete against women.
“And in the women’s boxing, they both won gold medals and you saw the one, the young Italian girl got hit a couple of times,” Trump said. “She said ‘bye-bye’ … she got hit very hard. But she’s fighting a man.”
He then reiterated something he’s said before, which is that “success will bring the country together,” something he said he started to see half-way into his presidency.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
“I’m telling you the country was coming together,” Trump said. “Despite the fact that, you know, what we were saying before about the divisions.”
“I’ll tell you I experienced unbelievable success leading the country just prior to COVID,” he added. “Numbers at the stock market [were] at an all-time, everything was like perfect and the country was coming together.”
Later, the former president was asked about his resiliency, and Trump said everything they’ve done to him “has made me popular,” which helps him handle it.
“I try not to think about it. … I just say, screw it. Whatever happens, happens,” Trump said. “And do the right thing. I try to take it less seriously than I should. I should take it more seriously, but if I did that, I don’t think I’d be with you guys today. I really don’t. I fight very hard. … You have to fight like hell and try not to let it get you down.”
Related: ‘The Interview Was Fire’: Podcast Host Talks To Charlamagne Tha God About His Sit Down With Trump
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
