Headline:
 Ben Shapiro Breaks Down Kamala Harris’ Fox News Interview: ‘Full-Scale Disaster’ 

Date:
 Oct 16, 2024 

Article Text:
 "She looked absolutely awful. She looked contentious. She looked angry at Bret Baier for having the temerity to ask her any sort of serious question."
Daily Wire editor emeritus Ben Shapiro reviewed Vice President Kamala Harris’ interview on Fox News after it aired on Wednesday evening, calling it a “full-scale disaster area” for her campaign for president.
Harris sat for an interview with Fox News host Bret Baier on Wednesday. The roughly 25-minute sit-down was arguably her toughest interview yet in a campaign that has been light on opportunities for direct media scrutiny.
“Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. I thought it was not going to be great. I did not think it was going to be that not great,” Shapiro said.
“So listen, Kamala Harris has been avoiding difficult interviews this entire election cycle. The most difficult interview she did was with Bill Whitaker, and ‘60 Minutes’ chopped it up to make her look better. That did not happen with Bret Baier and it was a full-scale disaster area for her,” he continued.
The Daily Wire host then went through some of Harris’ worst moments, beginning with the first issue of the interview: immigration. Baier questioned Harris on the Biden administration’s decision to repeal dozens of executive orders on border policy implemented under the previous Trump administration and the impact that decision had on the unprecedented wave of illegal immigration that has taken place in the past four years.
“She immediately swiveled. She will not answer the question,” Shapiro said. “She won’t just say, listen, we blew it at the beginning. We reversed Donald Trump’s executive orders. We got it right now. We understand the problem. … But she can’t do that because she also wants to say that she owns it, that she was involved in every decision.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
Harris struggled to field questions on her pitch to “turn the page” on her term as vice president, rationalize why nearly 80% of Americans believe the country is on the “wrong track,” her past support of taxpayer-funded sex change surgeries for illegal immigrants and inmates, her defense of President Joe Biden’s mental acuity, and other topics. Throughout the interview, she overwhelmingly preferred to redirect to former president Donald Trump than to answer questions about her record in the Biden administration.
“Man, she looked bad,” Shapiro said. “She looked absolutely awful. She looked contentious. She looked angry at Bret Baier for having the temerity to ask her any sort of serious question. She’s got to be super ticked at her team for suggesting that she do Bret Baier in the first place. She’s unwilling or unable to answer any question about policy at all in this election cycle.”
“The only thing she’s got at all in this election cycle, the only thing she’s got and everybody knows it is” talking about Trump, he continued. “But here is the problem: the minute you dig below the surface, what you realize is that she is an empty vessel for the entire Biden administration agenda. And she’s not particularly smart. She doesn’t know her own policies well enough to make cogent and interesting distinctions about how her policies work. She doesn’t understand how to defend the policies that she has herself put into place.”
My instant reaction to Kamala Harris' interview with Bret Baier. Let's just say it didn't go well. As in, the Hindenburg levels of not well. pic.twitter.com/HuLFkLv9rS
— Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) October 16, 2024

Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
