Headline:
 Biden, Kamala Granting ‘Quiet Amnesty’ To Huge Number Of Illegals: Report 

Date:
 Oct 24, 2024 

Article Text:
 Nearly 1 million illegals have been given effective amnesty, per the report
A new report from the House Judiciary Committee says the Biden-Harris administration is exploiting immigration court proceedings to grant de facto amnesty to nearly 1 million illegal immigrants.
Under Biden and Harris, there have been more than 10.3 million illegal entries into the U.S., with an additional 2 million+ “gotaways,” which represent the number of times someone has been observed crossing over the border illegally, without apprehension.
“Through administrative maneuvering, the Biden-Harris Justice Department and Department of Homeland Security have caused the immigration court backlog to skyrocket, adding over 3.7 million new cases since fiscal year 2021,” a press release from the committee said.
“Under the Biden-Harris Administration, over 700,000 illegal aliens have had their cases dismissed, terminated, or administratively closed, and the pace of these actions has increased each year, allowing those aliens to stay in the country indefinitely without facing immigration consequences,” the committee explained.
In such cases, the committee said, the illegal is granted permission to stay in the U.S. “indefinitely.”
In addition to those 700,000 illegals, more than 109,000 illegals did not have their cases adjudicated in Fiscal Year 2023, but the cases were closed out, Fox News highlighted. Lastly, the Department of Homeland Security has not filed the necessary documentation for another 200,000 cases; those illegals, too, can remain in the U.S. indefinitely.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
“The Biden-Harris Administration has used the backlog as an excuse to allow even more aliens to remain in America,” the committee said. “Instead of adjudicating cases based on the merits of their claims—such as valid asylum requests—immigration judges have rubberstamped dismissals, terminations, and closures. This quiet amnesty has become a hallmark of the Biden-Harris Administration’s immigration courts.”
Moreover, due to the lack of vetting at the border, criminals have been permitted to enter the U.S. For example, at least 382 people on the terror watch list have entered the U.S. since 2021, which is a 3,000% increase compared to former President Donald Trump’s tenure.
Additionally, border agents have reportedly encountered more than 1.7 million migrants known as “special interest aliens.” According to a House Judiciary Committee report, an “SIA” is a migrant who comes from a country that poses a national security threat to the U.S., such as Afghanistan, Iran, Syria, Venezuela, and Turkey. Back in 2019, the DHS defined an SIA as a “non-U.S. person who, based on an analysis of travel patterns, potentially poses a national security risk to the United States or its interests.”
Notably, U.S. officials are also not given the criminal records of migrants from numerous countries, such as Venezuela, Cuba, and China, leaving border agents in the dark and Americans at risk.
Related: Another Midwestern Town Inundated With Haitian Migrants
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
