Headline:
 Biden-Harris Judge Orders Virginia To Put Non-Citizens Back On Voter Rolls 

Date:
 Oct 25, 2024 

Article Text:
 Trump announced that he is now going to Virginia to campaign before Election Day.
A federal judge sided with the Biden-Harris administration on Friday in ruling that Virginia must put non-citizen immigrants back on its voter rolls after they were removed by the state in compliance with state law.
U.S. District Judge Patricia Giles, who was appointed by the Biden-Harris administration, ordered that Virginia must put the non-citizens back on the voter rolls, even though it is illegal for them to vote.
“Let’s be clear about what just happened: only eleven days before a Presidential election, a federal judge ordered Virginia to reinstate over 1,500 individuals–who self-identified themselves as noncitizens–back onto the voter rolls,” said Virginia Governor Glenn Youngkin. “Almost all these individuals had previously presented immigration documents confirming their noncitizen status, a fact recently verified by federal authorities.”
Youngkin noted that the law, passed in 2006, was signed by then-Governor Tim Kaine, a Democrat.
The law “mandates certain procedures to remove noncitizens from the voter rolls, with safeguards in place to affirm citizenship before removal–and the ultimate failsafe of same-day registration for U.S. citizens to cast a provisional ballot,” Youngkin said. “This law has been applied in every Presidential election by Republicans and Democrats since enacted 18 years ago.”
Youngkin said that the state would immediately file a petition with the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals and, if necessary, the U.S. Supreme Court, for an emergency stay of the injunction.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump called Giles’ ruling “a totally unacceptable travesty” and announced that he would now host a rally in the state before Election Day.
“Sleepy Joe Biden and Comrade Kamala Harris ridiculously accuse me of wanting to ‘weaponize’ the Justice Department, when they have done all of the weaponizing,” Trump wrote. “Now, their truly Weaponized Department of ‘Injustice,’ and a Judge (appointed by Joe), have ORDERED the Great Commonwealth of Virginia to PUT NON-CITIZEN VOTERS BACK ON THE ROLLS.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
“This is a totally unacceptable travesty, and Governor Youngkin is absolutely right to appeal this ILLEGAL ORDER, and the U.S. Supreme Court will hopefully fix it!” he added. “Only U.S. Citizens should be allowed to vote. Keep fighting, Glenn – AND REPUBLICANS IN VIRGINIA, KEEP VOTING EARLY! I will be calling in to Glenn’s Rally with Lara Trump tomorrow morning to talk about this crazy Ruling, and announce my final stop in Virginia before Election Day. TUNE IN!”
Sleepy Joe Biden and Comrade Kamala Harris ridiculously accuse me of wanting to “weaponize” the Justice Department, when they have done all of the weaponizing. Now, their truly Weaponized Department of “Injustice,” and a Judge (appointed by Joe), have ORDERED the Great…
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 25, 2024
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
