Headline:
 Biden-Harris Admin’s Illegal Immigration Numbers Are 25% Higher Than Reported: Study 

Date:
 Oct 29, 2024 

Article Text:
 Official totals don't include "gotaways" - those who evaded Border Patrol
The number of illegal immigrants who entered the U.S. under the Biden-Harris administration is reportedly 25% higher than what the administration claims.
That’s because the official numbers don’t include those who were able to escape from Border Patrol, known as “gotaways.” When including gotaways, the number of illegal immigrants who entered the U.S. increased by 25%, The Telegraph reported,
According to the Biden-Harris administration, about 7.15 million people have attempted to enter the country illegally since President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris’ first full month in office. But a Freedom of Information request from the Telegraph found that Border Patrol believes another 1.8 million illegal immigrants crossed the U.S. borders without being apprehended, for a total of around 8.95 million.
Simon Hankinson, a research fellow at the conservative Heritage Foundation who focuses on immigration, told the Telegraph he thought the administration was engaging in “deliberate obfuscation.”
“They have essentially laundered illegal immigration,” he added.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
Gotaways aren’t traditionally included in official figures, even under Republican presidents, but it’s no secret that illegal immigration increased exponentially under the Biden-Harris administration.
It has particularly increased in swing states since 2021, The Daily Wire reported, adding to concerns that Democrats are using illegal immigration in an attempt to win elections. A report from MarketWatch found that Michigan saw a 775% increase in its population of illegal immigrants since 2021, an increase that can make a real difference in a state Biden won by 150,000 votes in 2020 and that former President Donald Trump won by just 11,000 votes in 2016.
The population of illegal immigrants rose by 734% in Arizona, where Biden beat Trump in 2020 by just 11,000 votes, and 562% in Nevada.
Wisconsin’s illegal immigrant population surged by 467%, Georgia’s by 401%, and North Carolina’s by 446% in the same time frame. Pennsylvania also saw a 241% increase in its illegal immigrant population.
The Biden-Harris administration is also providing “quiet amnesty” to nearly one million illegal immigrants so far, according to a report from the Republican-controlled House Judiciary Committee.
“Through administrative maneuvering, the Biden-Harris Justice Department and Department of Homeland Security have caused the immigration court backlog to skyrocket, adding over 3.7 million new cases since fiscal year 2021,” the committee said in a press release.
“Under the Biden-Harris Administration, over 700,000 illegal aliens have had their cases dismissed, terminated, or administratively closed, and the pace of these actions has increased each year, allowing those aliens to stay in the country indefinitely without facing immigration consequences,” the committee added.
“The Biden-Harris Administration has used the backlog as an excuse to allow even more aliens to remain in America,” the committee said. “Instead of adjudicating cases based on the merits of their claims—such as valid asylum requests—immigration judges have rubberstamped dismissals, terminations, and closures. This quiet amnesty has become a hallmark of the Biden-Harris Administration’s immigration courts.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
