Headline:
 CNN Panel Explodes Over Suggestion Kamala Was ‘Chosen’ By Dem Party Elites 

Date:
 Oct 25, 2024 

Article Text:
 "Hillary Clinton was chosen, and she had Bruce Springsteen too and what happened to her?" O'Leary said.
A CNN panel exploded when “Shark Tank’s” Kevin O’Leary pointed out that the Democratic party did not have a nomination process and instead Vice President Kamala Harris was “chosen” by the Democratic party elites.
During a CNN panel about Harris’ dismal performance in the CNN Town Hall, O’Leary brought up how the party in 2016 picked then-Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton over presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT), who appeared to have more energy and support from their base.
“Only 90 days ago, Pelosi went to Biden and said, ‘You need to step aside,’ and convinced him to do so,” O’Leary said. “He did actually ask her, we’ve now learned this, ‘Is she[ Harris] the right person to drive this home?’”
“He questioned that,” he added. “He could’ve said, ‘We need to run a process in order for me to make this move,’ but they decided not to. I don’t know who they is? Was it Obama, was it Pelosi? I don’t care who it was.”
NEW: CNN panel explodes into chaos when @kevinolearytv dares to point out that Kamala was not elected to the party’s nomination, and was “chosen” by Pelosi and Dem party elites.
Holy smokes.
Watch how quickly and angrily the “Defenders of Democracy” attack O’Leary and justify… pic.twitter.com/LhH9nseNBh
— Western Lensman (@WesternLensman) October 25, 2024
“This is the second time the Democratic Party has circumvented Democracy and chose…” O’Leary tried to continue, noting what happened to Sanders, but got pushback by several people on the panel who talked over him and said it was simply “not true.”
“Hillary Clinton was chosen, and she had Bruce Springsteen, too, and what happened to her?” he tried to add.
CNN host Abby Phillip hit back and said, “Hillary Clinton won a primary. She won a primary. You might not like how the primary … she won a primary. First of all, that’s the first thing.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
However, when O’Leary asked, “Did Kamala Harris win a primary?,” none of the CNN hosts wanted to answer him.
“Listen, we have talked about this before,” Phillip replied. “It’s not in the Constitution. The political parties can choose however they want to choose their nominee. And as long as they meet the legal deadline, in the states where they are on the ballot, they can do it.”
Phillip said that the party can “decide in December of 2023 to just handpick someone. You don’t have to have a primary. It’s just not a thing. … You’re describing something as undemocratic that has absolutely nothing to do with the Democratic process.”
“Do you think that’s really what matters to voters?” another CNN contributor interjected. “Your whole shtick is, let’s talk about what matters to voters. Do you really think voters care about the intranessine primary process of the Democrat Party?”
“If you are a Democrat, you sure as hell care today,” O’Leary replied.
Related: CNN Commentator Rips Kamala After Town Hall: ‘A Duck-Billed Platitude’
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
