Headline:
 CNN Contributor: ‘White Folks’ Must Vote For Kamala To Save Democracy 

Date:
 Oct 22, 2024 

Article Text:
 "What I think is a mistake is to let white folks escape the accountability that they must face for not showing up to save democracy themselves"
A CNN contributor stated that “white folks” should vote for Vice President Kamala Harris, otherwise they would “escape the accountability that they must face for not showing up to save democracy themselves.”
Angela Rye, co-host of the “Native Land Pod” along with failed Florida Democrat gubernatorial candidate Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross, expressed that view on CNN’s “First of All with Victor Blackwell.”
Blackwell first asked Cross, “The Democrats’ concerns their fears of eroding Black support, specifically among Black men. Is it overblown?”
“Absolutely it’s overblown, and I find it quite offensive to be honest with you, Victor, because the people who are going to impact this election the most when it comes to Donald Trump are conservative white voters,” Cross declared. “I think that narrative is attempting to lay the failure of this democracy at the feet of black men.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
Blackwell noted that former President Barack Obama was on the campaign trail and had told black men not to eschew voting for Harris because she’s a woman. “Was it a mistake for the former president to say what he did or to say it publicly? What was your assessment of what we heard from former President Obama?” he asked.
“You know, I think that it’s wonderful that President Obama is out hitting the trail for democracy, frankly,” Rye replied. “And what I think is a mistake is to let white folks escape the accountability that they must face for not showing up to save democracy themselves. Like they want to get mad at presidential candidates right when they don’t wear a flag lapel pin or they don’t see you pledging allegiance to the flag, that’s what they want to get upset about. Now, the face of patriotism to them looks like trying to tear down the capitol in a terrorist attack on January 6, 2021. So the responsibility of saving democracy should be on the largest demographic in this country, that is white men and white women.”
.@angela_rye: “What I think is a mistake is to let white folks escape the accountability that they must face for not showing up to save democracy  … The responsibility of saving democracy should be on the largest demographic in this country, that is white men & white women. pic.twitter.com/AjdbPYRGI0
— Tom Elliott (@tomselliott) October 19, 2024

“Harris’s support among Black voters in Georgia trails the levels that Joe Biden secured in his narrow, 11,779-vote victory in 2020,” Financial Times noted. “According to polling data released this week from Insider Advantage, Trump’s share of the Black vote in Georgia has reached 14 per cent, compared with 11 per cent in 2020. Harris’s share is 86 per cent, shy of Biden’s 88 per cent.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
