Headline:
 CNN Commentator Rips Kamala After Town Hall: ‘A Duck-Billed Platitude’ 

Date:
 Oct 24, 2024 

Article Text:
 "It's nothing, nothing, nothing. You'd think she'd be prepared to do this by now."
CNN Republican commentator Scott Jennings tore into Vice President Kamala Harris’ performance at a Wednesday town hall on the network, saying that if the Democratic presidential nominee were an animal, she’d be “a duck-billed platitude.”
Jennings, who has often been critical of Harris, has been particularly focused on her failure to set herself apart as a candidate who will not simply bring forth a repeat of President Joe Biden’s administration — in which she’s served as vice president for the last three and a half years — and who can give voters a clear picture of what she stands for beyond hating former President Donald Trump.
WATCH:
My rebuttal to last night’s @cnn Kamala Harris town hall: if she were an animal, she’d be a duck-billed platitude. Took on the “flawless vs lawless” construct with Erin and friends. pic.twitter.com/MJjw5U9QRF
— Scott Jennings (@ScottJenningsKY) October 24, 2024

Jennings, who previously worked in the White House under former President George W. Bush, joined CNN anchor Erin Burnett and several others for a panel discussion breaking down Harris’ town hall. That event was, by all accounts, more of her usual question-dodging, word-salad answers accompanied by near-Herculean efforts to blame Trump for all the bad things that have happened since she and Biden took office.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
“Look, she doesn’t have to be flawless,” he said. “But she has to give you something. I mean, she’s like a true double threat. You know, she’s terrible on her feet when she gets unexpected questions and simultaneously, she can’t even answer the expected questions.”
“It’s nothing, nothing, nothing. You’d think she’d be prepared to do this by now,” he continued. “You know, what’s a mistake you’ve made? ‘Nothing.’ What’s a weakness you have? ‘Nothing.’ What’s the first law you want to pass? ‘Nothing.’ What’s a policy difference between you and Joe Biden? ‘Nothing.'”
“Over, and over, and over. Empty, empty, empty,” Jennings concluded, prompting laughter and a few objections from the rest of the panel when he added, “If she were an animal, she’d be a duck-billed platitude. A total word salad.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
