Headline:
 Harmeet Dhillon Shreds Kamala’s Record As DA 

Date:
 Oct 16, 2024 

Article Text:
 “This is unheard of and set a tone of defense lawyers not taking her office seriously.”
Famed conservative lawyer Harmeet Dhillon took to X on Monday to lay out a lengthy thread decimating Vice President Kamala Harris’ record as district attorney in San Francisco.
Dhillon began by saying a member of Harris’ staff told her that when Harris was the San Francisco DA, “one of her top deputies regularly rounded the office urging prosecutors to stop by Harris’ fundraisers for re-election to donate and/or volunteer.” The staffer reportedly told Dhillon that she was told it would be “good for her career to contribute.”
Dhillon went on to say that “the supervisor in one of the criminal units was a no-show who literally phoned it in from San Diego, filling out fake time sheets from there where his boyfriend was.”
“This went on for years, only ending under George Gascon’s tenure,” Dhillon continued.
While Harris was the DA in San Francisco, the supervisor in one of the criminal units was a no-show who literally phoned it in from San Diego, filling out fake time sheets from there where his boyfriend was. This went on for years, only ending under George Gascon’s tenure.
— Harmeet K. Dhillon (@pnjaban) October 14, 2024

The San Francisco District Attorney’s Office did not immediately respond to a Daily Wire inquiry.
Dhillon then said a prosecutor in Harris’ DA office told her that “as policy, [the office] did not allege prior crime ‘strikes’ in indictments as is routinely done in other counties such as the one where the deputy DA had come from.”
That deputy DA “was criticized for alleging strikes; only supervisors were allowed to authorize this and it was rarely done, yet another way Harris went soft on crime,” Dhillon said. “What does it mean when you don’t allege strikes? [I]t means that a career criminal, a violent criminal, who commits multiple crimes gets two years instead of 25 to life. The prosecutor complained about this internally but it went nowhere.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
What does it mean when you don’t allege strikes? it means that a career criminal, a violent criminal, who commits multiple crimes gets two years instead of 25 to life. The prosecutor complained about this internally but it went nowhere.
— Harmeet K. Dhillon (@pnjaban) October 14, 2024

Dhillon also brought up how Harris violated her pledge to stay under a voluntary spending cap when she ran for DA back in 2003. California’s Ethics Commission claimed the violations were “unintentional,” but Harris was fined $34,000 anyway, the San Francisco Chronicle reported at the time. It was the largest fine under San Francisco’s campaign finance law at the time.
After Harris won the election, Dhillon said in a post on X, Harris “immediately sent out mass ‘let’s make a deal’ letters to every defense lawyer with a pending murder case.”
“These cases were almost all pled out to manslaughter or even lesser charges, and then Harris claimed these as convictions on murder cases for her closure rate,” Dhillon wrote. “This is unheard of and set a tone of defense lawyers not taking her office seriously.”
When Kamala Harris became the DA after violating the campaign finance limits to out-raise and outspend her former boss, who did obey the limits, she immediately sent out mass “let’s make a deal” letters to every defense lawyer with a pending murder case. These cases were almost…
— Harmeet K. Dhillon (@pnjaban) October 14, 2024

Dhillon then moved on to Harris’ “incompetence,” which “got two gang violence witnesses killed, by housing them just across county lines. The bad guys found and killed them, the cases then fell apart. And scared witnesses then refused to testify against more bad guys. Rinse and repeat.”
Kamala Harris’ incompetence got two
gang violence witnesses killed, by housing them just across county lines.
The bad guys found and killed them, the cases then fell apart. And scared witnesses then refused to testify against more bad guys. Rinse and repeat. pic.twitter.com/Z8kdNSAQcX
— Harmeet K. Dhillon (@pnjaban) October 14, 2024

Dhillon also took Harris to task for her low conviction rate, which she said “was a widely known joke in CA law enforcement circles.”
“And everyone — especially the criminals — knew and exploited it,” Dhillon added.
Harris also “manipulated the stats as DA by charging only cases that were ‘trial ready’ in the first place — an absurd metric as most cases are built up after charging on a probable cause basis,” Dhillon said.
“Even so, her conviction rate was a joke,” Dhillon concluded.
Kamala Harris manipulated the stats as DA by charging only cases that were “trial ready” in the first place — an absurd metric as most cases are built up after charging on a probable cause basis. Even so, her conviction rate was a joke. pic.twitter.com/s43ej0EgNp
— Harmeet K. Dhillon (@pnjaban) October 14, 2024

Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
