Headline:
 Here Are The Things Kamala Has Supported In The Past But Won’t Say If She Supports Now 

Date:
 Nov 4, 2024 

Article Text:
 Harris' refusal to say where she is on certain issues has allowed former President Donald Trump’s campaign to tie her to President Joe Biden
Vice President Kamala Harris entered the presidential race late and seemingly hoped to avoid scrutiny of her past positions.
Without publicly disavowing her past positions on unpopular policies like banning fracking or mandatory gun buybacks, her aides insisted to media outlets that she had changed her mind on these issues. This is despite the fact that Harris herself said her “values have not changed.” But there is another list of issues that neither Harris nor her team have said she still supports.
Typically Left-leaning outlet Axios published a list of such policies on Sunday, noting that “Harris is the ‘no comment’ candidate — purposely and strategically. She has calculated that it’s safer to be vague on policy matters than lampooned as a flip-flopper or left-winger.”
Of course, that means voters who support her don’t have any actual clue what she actually supports – and that’s the way Harris and her campaign want it.
Here’s the list of things Harris has supported in the past but has refused to say whether she still supports, per Axios:
In addition, Harris’ campaign wouldn’t tell CNN where she stood on two additional issues she held in 2019 during her first run for president: “Federal prisoners and detained immigrants obtaining taxpayer-funded gender transition surgeries” and “an open-ended pledge to ‘end’ immigration detention.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
Axios also asked the Harris campaign if she still supported the following past positions, but the campaign declined to comment:
Harris’ refusal to say where she is on certain issues has allowed former President Donald Trump’s campaign to tie her to President Joe Biden, whom Harris replaced as the Democratic nominee. Biden is increasingly unpopular, and Harris has said she couldn’t think of anything she would have done differently than Biden.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
