Headline:
 Jake Tapper Fact-Checks Kamala’s Lie About Trump’s ‘Protect Women’ Remark 

Date:
 Nov 1, 2024 

Article Text:
 "He wasn‘t saying he was just going to do whatever he wanted, regardless," Tapper said.
CNN’s Jake Tapper fact-checked Vice President Kamala Harris’ lie that former President Donald Trump was talking about abortion when he said he wanted to “protect women” whether they “like it or not,” when the comment was made about protecting women and children from illegal criminal migrants and missiles from foreign adversaries.
During a panel on “The Lead,” the anchor played the quote by Harris and called her out for changing it to fit a narrative about Trump being a misogynist.
“When Trump said he was going to do something for women, whether they like it or not, ‘whether the women like it or not,’ he was talking about protecting women, protecting women whether they like it or not,” Tapper told the panel. “Certainly, you can take issue with the language, but he wasn’t saying he was just going to do whatever he wanted, regardless.”
“But you take my point,” he added. “He’s saying I’m gonna protect them, whether women want me to protect them.”
When he got pushback from some on the panel, the CNN anchor replied, “It’s not as she presented it. … So just quote it accurately.”
At a rally in Phoenix on Thursday, the Kamala said, “Now in America, one in three women lives in a state with a Trump abortion ban, many with no exceptions, even for rape and incest, which is immoral. And Donald Trump’s not done. Did everyone hear what he just said yesterday? That he will do what he wants, quote, and here’s where I’m going to quote, ‘whether the women like it or not.’ We must vote because this is the thing. You know, there’s a saying that you got to listen to people when they tell you who [they] are, and this is not the first time he has told us who he is. He does not believe women should have the agency and authority to make decisions about their own bodies.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
Trump’s actual quote was, “Kamala has imported criminal migrants from prisons and jails, from insane asylums and mental institutions all over the world, from Venezuela to the Congo, including savage criminals who assault, rape, and murder our women and girls.”
“Anyone who would let monsters kidnap and kill our children does not belong anywhere near the Oval Office,” he added, noting that his team weeks ago told him not to say he wanted to protect women and children. “I said why? I’m president. I want to protect the women and children of our country. … I said, ‘Well, I’m gonna do it whether the women like it or not.’ I’m gonna protect them. I’m gonna protect them from migrants coming in. I’m gonna protect them from foreign countries that want to hit us with missiles…”
Related: CNN Panel Explodes Over Suggestion Kamala Was ‘Chosen’ By Dem Party Elites
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
