Headline:
 Kamala Running Pro-Palestinian Ads In Michigan, Pro-Israel Ads In Pennsylvania 

Date:
 Nov 4, 2024 

Article Text:
 The mixed messaging highlights the struggle Harris and Dems have in attempting to court the pro-Palestinian, anti-Israel wing of their party
Vice President Kamala Harris’ campaign is running two sets of ads on the Israel-Gaza conflict – and what ad voters see depends on where they live.
Jewish voters in Pennsylvania see an ad claiming Harris will “stand up for Israel’s right to defend itself,” CNN reported, while Arab voters in Michigan will see an ad claiming Harris “will not be silent about the human suffering occurring in Gaza.”
The mixed messaging highlights the struggle Harris and Democrats have in attempting to court the pro-Palestinian, anti-Israel wing of their party – like the anti-Israel protesters on college campuses – and Jewish voters.
In Facebook ads targeting voters in Pennsylvania, a clip of Harris’ speech at the Democratic National Committee is featured.
“And let me be clear,” Harris says. “I will always stand up for Israel’s right to defend itself, and I will always ensure Israel has the ability to defend itself, because the people of Israel must never again face the horror that a terrorist organization called Hamas caused on October 7, including unspeakable sexual violence and the massacre of young people at a music festival.”
“And know this: I will never hesitate to take whatever action is necessary to defend our forces and our interests against Iran and Iran-backed terrorists,” she adds.
As CNN noted, the ad doesn’t include two paragraphs from Harris’ speech – taken from between the two featured lines – where she calls the “suffering” in Gaza “heartbreaking.”
The ad ignores the belief held by many critics that Harris passed over Pennsylvania Democratic Gov. Josh Shapiro for her vice presidential nominee because he is Jewish and pro-Israel.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
Facebook ads targeting voters in Michigan feature Harris’ other speeches, where she had expressed sympathy for those in Gaza.
“What has happened in Gaza over the past nine months is devastating,” Harris says in the ad.
“Our common humanity compels us to act,” she says at another point in the ad.
Harris is attempting to court a dangerous sect of left-wing protesters, hundreds of whom spent the past year on college campuses defending the terrorist groups Hamas and Hezbollah. As The Daily Wire previously reported, the Ivy League colleges that have coddled these students have seen sharp drops in donations. At Harvard, the university’s endowment dropped by $151 million – 14% – in fiscal year 2024 following ongoing anti-Israel protests that have turned off several billionaire donors.
Columbia University also saw a major backlash during its annual “Giving Day,” where donations dropped nearly 30% after the school allowed anti-Israel protests to linger on campus, The Daily Wire reported .
For the first time, the university experienced a massive drop in donations after pausing the event in 2023 following the Hamas terrorist attacks on Israel on October 7, 2023, the Columbia Spectator reported. Since resuming the event, the school has had a nearly 30% drop in donations.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
