Headline:
 Kamala Set For Surprise Appearance On ‘Saturday Night Live’ 

Date:
 Nov 3, 2024 

Article Text:
 The Trump campaign said the move showed Kamala was out of touch with the American people.
Vice President Kamala Harris will reportedly make an appearance on Saturday Night Live for the show’s final episode before Election Day.
Harris was scheduled to fly to the battleground state of Michigan, but her flight apparently rerouted for New York earlier tonight. Sources told the New York Post that the Secret Service was already on site preparing for Harris’ arrival.
“It’s all been hush-hush,” a source told the Post, adding that Harris was expected to appear during the cold open. The show will be hosted by comedian John Mulaney.
The move was mocked by the Trump campaign, who accused Harris of being out of touch with the American people.
“Kamala Harris has nothing substantive to offer the American people, so that’s why she’s living out her warped fantasy cosplaying with her elitist friends on Saturday Night Leftists as her campaign spirals down the drain into obscurity,” Trump campaign spokesman Steven Cheung told Fox News. “For the last four years, Kamala’s destructive policies have led to untold misery and hurt for all Americans. She broke it, and President Trump will fix it.”
Trump advisor Jason Miller also ripped into Harris over the apparent move, asking if Harris did “not know SNL has been crushing her all season?”
“First time she’s speaking directly to journalists this entire campaign,” conservative commentator Stephen Miller posted on X.
SNL creator Lorne Michaels suggested in an interview earlier this year that neither Trump nor Harris would appear on the show.
“You can’t bring the actual people who are running on because of election laws and the equal time provisions,” Michaels said at the time and then clarified: “You can’t have the main candidates without having all the candidates, and there are lots of minor candidates that are only on the ballot in, like, three states and that becomes really complicated.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
SNL roasted Harris running mate and Minnesota Governor Tim Walz last month over his false claim that he was in Hong Kong during China’s Tiananmen Square massacre in the summer of 1989.
The appearance on SNL comes after a day full of campaigning from both Trump and Harris. Trump held two rallies in North Carolina and one in Virginia while Harris held events in both Georgia and North Carolina.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
