Headline:
 Kamala’s Staged Hurricane Call To Florida Mayor Was Edited To Remove Self-Praise: Report 

Date:
 Oct 18, 2024 

Article Text:
 Harris called herself a "devout public servant," bemoaned "bureaucracy" in deleted section
As Hurricane Milton was approaching Florida, Vice President Kamala Harris posted a video of herself on a phone call with St. Petersburg, Florida, Mayor Ken Welch pretending to have some role in hurricane preparedness.
It turns out that the clip had to be edited to remove a section of the staged phone call where she called herself a “devout public servant” and denounced bureaucracy for getting in the way of federal aid, the New York Post reported. A full 38 seconds were removed from the two-minute call.
“I am a devout public servant, but I know how bureaucracy and red tape can get in the way of getting stuff done in a timely manner,” Harris said in the removed section, according to a copy of a more complete recording obtained by the Post.
Another revision removed a comment from Harris coaching Welch, a fellow Democrat, on how to stand tall for his constituents.
“Your folks are looking in your eyes to make sure and see something in you that lets them know everything’s going to be OK, and sometimes you know everything’s going to be OK, sometimes you don’t,” Harris said in the original version of the conversation.
The version posted online only has her saying “sometimes you know everything’s going to be OK, sometimes you don’t.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
There were other minor revisions, according to the Post, including one instance of Harris saying “you know” as a filler phrase.
Harris posted the Welch conversation as she was trying to claim Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis (R) refused to take her phone call. Harris had called DeSantis “utterly irresponsible” and “selfish” even though disaster had just struck Florida and the vice president had no role in disaster relief, The Daily Wire reported at the time.
Shortly after, Biden’s social media team posted on X to say that the president was working with DeSantis.
“Tonight, I spoke with Florida Governor DeSantis and Tampa Mayor Castor for firsthand reports on Hurricane Helene recovery and preparations for Hurricane Milton,” the post said. “My Administration is ready to support both leaders and the people of Florida with any further resources they may need.”
DeSantis also pushed back on Harris’ claims about a phone call, saying he had never received calls from her before and she had never been involved in any of his administration’s disaster response efforts previously. He added that she had “no role” in the process and wasn’t even in the chain of command on the issue.
The revelation that Harris had to edit her phone conversation with Welch comes as CBS News faces its own editing scandal involving Harris. CBS edited one of Harris’ “60 Minutes” answers, and now U.S. Senators are calling for the network to release the full transcript of Harris’ interview, The Daily Wire reported.
CBS initially posted Harris’ response to a question about Israel that did not match the version of her answer that aired on TV.
In the original clip posted by CBS, Harris said: “The work that we have done has resulted in a number of movements in that region by Israel that were very much prompted by or a result of many things, including our advocacy for what needs to happen in the region.”
But the full interview edited out that answer and replaced it with Harris saying something from a completely different question.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
