Headline:
 Kamala Harris’ Unserious Campaign 

Date:
 Oct 22, 2024 

Article Text:
 Her campaign has to stage-manage her the way they were stage-managing Joe Biden.
In order to win the election, Kamala Harris has suggested Donald Trump is unserious.
She stated on Monday that Donald Trump is fundamentally an unserious candidate, but the consequences of his presidency will be so serious.
“In many, many ways, Donald Trump is an unserious man, but the consequences of him being president of the United States are brutally serious,” she whined. “There are things that he says that will be the subject of skits and laughter and jokes, but words have meaning coming from someone who aspires to stand behind the seal of the president of the United States.”
Harris and Trump are virtually polar opposites. Trump says a lot of stuff. He makes jokes about Arnold Palmer’s business and he says funny things about McDonald’s and he makes jokes all the time. He says things that are really out of the box and it’s hard to take them fully seriously because he’s not fully serious when he says them. And even when he is fully serious, does he really mean them 100%? Half the time, no.
But — his actual policy is quite serious. That has always been the gap for Donald Trump: his image is sort of buffoonish and goofballish, but his actual policy is hard-nosed.
His actual policy accomplishments are quite real, namely: a functional economy, growing innovation, low inflation, a foreign policy record that is second to none in the annals of American history. No major foreign wars, new peace deals in the Middle East, intimidation of our enemies, strengthening our alliances, particularly in the Middle East. And despite all the talk about how he weakened our alliances with NATO, that’s actually not true. He simply requested and succeeded in getting those countries to pay a larger share of their own GDP toward national defense.
So Donald Trump has a patina of unseriousness, and underneath he’s a very serious policy candidate. That is why he is running the way he’s running in this election.
Kamala Harris is precisely the opposite. She tries to pose as serious, but underneath it is a deep unseriousness. Beneath that façade is total emptiness. She’s a shell of a politician, and below it is just a vacuum.
Every day she betrays the fact that there ain’t nothing there. There’s just nothing there.
Yesterday, for example, she was doing a presser. She couldn’t even call on the reporters herself. Her campaign has to stage-manage her the way they were stage-managing Joe Biden. You could actually hear one of her campaign aides calling out the reporters because she can’t do it herself.
Why are her aides hauling out their reporters? Why isn’t she doing it? Because she’s not capable. In fact, we are now learning that she has reduced her time on the campaign trail. According to Breitbart, “Kamala Harris’s campaign reduced her time on the campaign trail this week, opting to prepare for an interview with NBC and a CNN town hall.”
These are not things you have to take time off from the campaign trail to do. They’re not. These are not things that require extra time off.
It’s one thing to say I’m taking two days off to prepare for a debate, so I have to study my opponent’s moves. I need to do a sort of lightning round with somebody playing Donald Trump. That would be understandable.
But an interview with NBC means you have to take time off the campaign trail? She has to take two days off the campaign trail, two weeks before the election, to prepare for an interview with NBC News, which has been overwhelmingly favorable to her, because she blew it with Bret Baier on Fox News?
A CNN town hall. How do you prepare for that? What does that preparation look like?
But here’s the thing about Kamala Harris: She has to prepare for everything.
The reason that the Left is so worked up about Donald Trump going to McDonald’s is because when Donald Trump went to McDonald’s, he was very comfortable in his own skin. By masquerading as a worker at McDonald’s, Trump was showing respect to people who work at McDonald’s and people who eat at McDonald’s, and he likes those people.
Kamala Harris is the kind of person who literally has to be prepared by her staff to do a small donor dinner. They’d put a fake dinner together so she could learn to speak with humans without downing an entire bottle of rosé.
Underneath the façade of a serious politician, there is nothing serious there.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
