Headline:
 Kamala Crowd Goes Silent At Rally In Viral Clip 

Date:
 Oct 29, 2024 

Article Text:
 'Now I want each of you to shout your own name. Do that,' Harris told the Michigan crowd.
Vice President Kamala Harris has gone viral after a clip surfaced of the crowd at her rally in Ann Arbor going completely silent after she tried to convince them to shout their own names.
During Harris’ rally in Michigan on Monday, her supporters started to chant her first name — “Ka-ma-la, Ka-ma-la, Ka-ma-la” — over and over again while holding signs that read “Vote” and had Harris’ name along with her running mate Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz’s name on it.
“Now I want each of you to shout your own name. Do that,” Harris yelled over the crowd. “Because it’s about all of us. It’s about all of us.”
In the clip, people appear to be looking at the person standing next to them and looking around to see what they should do. Instead of following Harris’ instruction, the entire room just went silent and lowered their signs.
NEW: Kamala Harris’ rally crowd is completely stumped after she tells them to all start shouting their own names.
The moment came after the crowd started a “Kamala” chant.
Harris: “Now I want you to all shout your own names, do that!”
Crowd: *silent* pic.twitter.com/p61FYhPQQP
— Collin Rugg (@CollinRugg) October 29, 2024
Instead of trying once again to get the crowd to shout their names, the VP looked around, started laughing and then decided to continue on with her speech, saying she’s fought her whole career “to put the people first.”
At the time of this publication, the clip had more than 4.4 million views and the number was still climbing.
Some have reacted to the clip on social media, calling the moment “cringe,” “embarrassing,” and “awkward.”
Harris’ stop in Michigan was just the beginning of a busy week — leading up to Election Day — for the VP, who remains virtually in a tie with former President Donald Trump in the swing state.
Earlier in the day, Harris made headlines after another video circulated from her tour of a semiconductor plant in the state— where she asked employees whether or not she could touch something she described simply as “shiny!” as The Daily Wire reported.
Harris stopped at Hemlock Semiconductors in Saginaw where she got the chance to see newly harvested silicon laid out on a table. The Vice President reached out a hand toward one of the items, which was covered in plastic, and hesitated, asking, “Can I touch it?”
The response from one of the employees was immediate: “No! Do not touch it!”
“Do not — I’m glad I asked,” Harris recoiled slightly, laughing. “And I won’t touch that.”
“Please do not touch any of the poly — it is very sharp,” the employee repeated. “Those are very sharp.”
“And shiny,” Harris agreed, still laughing.
On Tuesday, the Vice President will attempt to make her final reach to voters in the 2024 campaign during a rally in Washington, D.C., on the Ellipse.
Virginia Kruta contributed to this piece.
Related: ‘Shiny!’: Kamala Mocked Over Appearance At Semiconductor Factory
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
