Headline:
 Kamala Harris, Plagiarist? 

Date:
 Oct 15, 2024 

Article Text:
 All of this underscores the fact that Harris has always been a giant nothing burger. There is nothing there.
People are finally realizing exactly who Kamala Harris is.
What they are discovering for the first time, perhaps, is that she is completely vacuous. There is nothing there. Nothing. There has never been anything there.
Yesterday, Christopher Rufo, doing his usual yeoman investigative work, broke wide open the reality that Harris is an empty vessel and always was an empty vessel.
What he found is that Harris plagiarized at least a dozen sections of her criminal justice book, “Smart on Crime.”
She even lifted material directly from Wikipedia.
(The first rule of being smart on crime, by the way, is: Do not plagiarize from Wikipedia.)
I’ve written 11 books under my own name. I used to ghostwrite for a living, meaning I wrote books under other people’s names.
When you are writing factual books, very often you’re relying on media reports. You have to change the wording, and you have to footnote it. Those are just a few of the steps you must take.
You have to paraphrase, and then you have to footnote what you wrote. If you don’t do that, it’s plagiarism and stealing.
But Harris, apparently without dropping footnotes, just lifted entire paragraphs of text from, for example, the John Jay College of Criminal Justice, the Associated Press, and from Wikipedia.
Wikipedia is not a good source because it is a compendium of what other people have written about a topic. And the people doing the writing are just randos.
It’s not as if someone had written a peer-reviewed book or something equivalent.
“The investigation was conducted by Dr. Stefan Weber, a famed Austrian ‘plagiarism hunter’ who has taken down politicians in the German-speaking world,” Rufo noted. “We independently confirmed multiple violations, which are comparable in severity to the plagiarism found in former Harvard president Claudine Gay’s doctoral thesis.”
The investigation was conducted by Dr. Stefan Weber, a famed Austrian "plagiarism hunter" who has taken down politicians in the German-speaking world. We independently confirmed multiple violations, which are comparable in severity to the plagiarism found in former Harvard… pic.twitter.com/P9DTpZS4kV
— Christopher F. Rufo ⚔️ (@realchrisrufo) October 14, 2024

“The allegedly plagiarized sections came from a Bureau of Justice Assistance report in 2000, an Urban Institute report in 2004, a John Jay College of Criminal Justice press release describing a 2007 award, an Associated Press article in 2008, and a Wikipedia article’s wording in a 2008 iteration,” The New York Post reported, adding, “Chronicle executive director of marketing and publicity Lauren Hoffman asked for all inquiries to be forwarded to her, with one employee on the email chain emphasizing that the accusations touched on ‘a very sensitive topic.’”
All of this underscores the fact that Harris has always been a giant nothing burger. There is nothing there.
You can see it every time she talks. It’s why she spins around in circles: There’s just nothing deeper.
We keep trying to scrape beneath the surface and find the deeper level of Kamala Harris. But perhaps it’s just deeper layers of emptiness. Perhaps it turns out that Harris’ core is just a gaping vacuum.
Even CNN acknowledged that Harris had likely committed plagiarism, writing, “CNN reviewed several of the passages highlighted by Rufo and found that Harris and O’C. Hamilton failed to properly attribute language to sources.”
Why does this matter?
Because this is who Kamala Harris is.
Vacuous and empty.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
