Headline:
 Kamala Campaign Implosion 

Date:
 Oct 14, 2024 

Article Text:
 The façade is crumbling in Kamala Harris-land.
The magic is gone for Kamala Harris, and the current polling shows it.
Roughly one month ago, Kamala Harris was leading former President Trump by five percentage points in the NBC News national poll. On Monday, they were dead tied, 48-48. What happened?
Was it that Donald Trump suddenly started over-performing? Did he radically change his campaign?
Nope. Donald Trump is perfectly consistent. He’s been campaigning in the same fashion today he did roughly ten years ago.
So what changed? The answer: The “brat” wore off. The air is out of the balloon. The façade is crumbling in Kamala Harris-land.
According to that NBC poll, the impression of candidates left Trump at +43%, -51%. Harris was +43%, -49%. That is a dramatic shift. Last month, Trump was at +40% positive and Harris was at +48%. That means there has been a five-point drop in her favorables since just last month.
The poll said men are breaking 56-44 for Donald Trump, which I think is an underestimate. Women are breaking 55-41 for Kamala Harris, which is not nearly as much of a gender gap as Democrats would expect from women. They’re hoping for a 60-40 break.
These poll numbers are quite bad for Kamala Harris. And you can see that the panic is beginning to set in. CNN’s Harry Enten at CNN opined that there are a lot of warning signs the klaxons are going off right now; he stated:
The GOP leads by a point in party identification right now. The average when the Republican Party loses is the Democrats ahead by eight. When the Republican Party wins, the average party advantage for Democrats is three. Republicans right now are doing even better than the average when they win. If there’s one little nugget that I think Republicans are really hopeful for, it’s this party I.D. and this party registration data. It really points in a good direction for them and for Donald Trump.
ABC News’ Martha Raddatz said that polling shows that Americans believe the economy is getting worse, saying:
Despite many positive economic signs, some 59% of Americans say they believe the economy is getting worse, compared to just 23% who say it’s getting better, with more Americans trusting Trump to handle the economy if he wins a second term.
So as it turns out, Americans trust Trump on the economy, and not just on the economy; they trust Trump on foreign policy. According to the Wall Street Journal, Trump leads Harris among swing-state voters 52-39 on handling Russia’s war in Ukraine and 48-33 on handling the Israel-Hamas war.
If you look at the latest polling data on the last seven polls taken in the state of Michigan, Donald Trump is either in the lead or tied in six of them. The only poll that has Kamala Harris ahead is the Wall Street Journal poll. That is from October 8. And that poll shows her up by only two.
Meanwhile, over in Pennsylvania, in the last five polls that have been taken, Trump is in the lead in three of them. If you go back a little further than that, if you go back to the last seven polls taken, he’s ahead in five of them.
If you move on over to Wisconsin, every single poll of the last three has them tied, and in the two before that, Trump is winning. The latest Wall Street Journal poll has Donald Trump up six points in Nevada.
These are awful numbers for Kamala Harris.
The “brat” has worn off.
And the “joy” is gone.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
