Headline:
 Kamala Signals She’s Open To Spending Trillions On Racial Reparations 

Date:
 Oct 15, 2024 

Article Text:
 The remarks come as Harris tries to shore up support from the black community.
Vice President Kamala Harris signaled during an interview on Tuesday that she was open to spending taxpayer money on racial reparations, which studies show would cost trillions of dollars.
“It has to be studied. There’s no question about that,” Harris said when asked about reparations, which numerous estimates pin well into the trillions of dollars. “And I’ve been very clear about that position.”
Harris made the remarks during a radio interview with Charlamagne tha God where she fielded questions about her agenda.
She quickly pivoted to the rest of her economic agenda, uttering her common refrain that she “grew up in the middle class.”
WATCH:
Vice President Kamala Harris says she’s open to using taxpayer’s money to pay racial reparations: “It has to be studied, there’s no question about that.”
She adds: “In terms of my immediate plan … as it relates to the economy … I grew up in the middle class” pic.twitter.com/HPjdHSgB29
— Ryan Saavedra (@RealSaavedra) October 15, 2024
Harris said during her failed presidential campaign in 2019 that she supported “some form” of reparations, and voted in support of reparations legislation in Congress. She has not taken a position on the issue since joining the presidential ticket with Joe Biden in 2020.
Harris’ remarks come as recent polling, including from CNN this week, has found that Trump is in position to have more support from the black community, including from black women, than any Republican since 1960.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
No matter how you splice the data, Trump seems to be the strongest Republican with Black voters since 1960. Young Black men in particular have trended right during Trump’s runs (cutting the Dem margin by 40 pts from 2012).
But Trump’s doing historically well with Black women too pic.twitter.com/FyUqqDKLjE
— (((Harry Enten))) (@ForecasterEnten) October 14, 2024
It is unclear who would be eligible for reparations, leading many like Harris to call for the issue to be studied further.
A report from the Free Beacon in 2019 said that Harris was the descendant of an Irishman who owned a slave plantation in Jamaica, according to a summary of the family’s ancestry posted by her father.
“My roots go back, within my lifetime, to my paternal grandmother Miss Chrishy (née Christiana Brown, descendant of Hamilton Brown who is on record as plantation and slave owner and founder of Brown’s Town),” wrote Harris’ father, Marxist economist Donald Harris. The report said that Jamaican records showed Hamilton Brown “owned scores of slaves,” the majority of whom was taken from Africa.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
