Headline:
 Kamala Evades Question About Supporting Trans Rights 

Date:
 Oct 23, 2024 

Article Text:
 Harris claimed Trump was distracting people by spending millions of dollars highlighting her support for taxpayer-funded trans procedures for inmates.
Vice President Kamala Harris avoided answering a question this week about whether she believes that people who claim that they are transgender should have access to transgender procedures and drugs.
Harris was asked the question by Hallie Jackson in an NBC News interview that aired Tuesday night.
“Do you believe that transgender Americans should have access to gender-affirming care in this country?” Jackson asked.
“I think we should follow the law,” Harris responded. “I mean, I think you’re probably pointing to the fact that Donald Trump’s campaign has spent tens of millions of dollars…”
Jackson responded: “They’re trying to define you on this, I’m asking you to define yourself, though, just broadly speaking, what is your value? Do you believe they should have that access?”
Harris said she believes that doctors should make decisions “in terms of what is medically necessary.”
“I’m not going to put myself in a position of a doctor,” she said.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
“But let’s also understand that Donald Trump is running tens of millions of dollars in ads,” she continued, a reference to a Trump ad that highlighted Harris’ support for using taxpayer money to provide inmates sex change surgeries.
She continued by talking about taxes, small business, and how Trump is allegedly making people “distracted.”
WATCH:
Kamala Harris says “we should follow the law” when asked by NBC’s @HallieJackson if she believes “transgender Americans should have access to gender-affirming care”.
Jackson whines Republicans are “trying to define you on this.”
Harris uncorks long-winded word salad…. pic.twitter.com/8yCQNpkVOY
— Curtis Houck (@CurtisHouck) October 22, 2024
Jackson pushed back, noting that she got no answer from Harris.
“It sounds like what you’re saying is there should be something between trans Americans and their doctors?” Jackson said. “It feels like that’s a long way from ‘we see you and we love you,’ which was your message to trans-Americans in May. What do you want the LGBTQ plus community to know as they’re looking for a full throated backing from you for trans, for trans Americans?”
Harris responded that “all people should be treated with dignity and respect, period, and should not be vilified for who they are, and should not be bullied for who they are.”
NBC’s @HallieJackson, lecturing Kamala Harris from the left on trangenderism: “I don’t know that I heard a clear answer from you on the issue of gender-affirming care. It sounds like you’re saying that there should be something between trans Americans and their doctors. That… pic.twitter.com/W1li1NuTa0
— Curtis Houck (@CurtisHouck) October 22, 2024
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
