Headline:
 Kamala Claims Inflation Crisis She Sparked Is Not A ‘Partisan Issue’ 

Date:
 Oct 28, 2024 

Article Text:
 Inflation and the economy are the top issues for voters headed into Election Day.
Vice President Kamala Harris claimed over the weekend that the inflation crisis she sparked shortly after coming into office was not a “partisan issue.”
Harris claimed in an interview with CBS News that she could lower prices of private sector goods and services by signing legislation.
“What do you think you’ll be able to do if you have a divided Congress?” host Norah O’Donnell asked.
“So I will tell you, for most of the issues that I think concern the vast majority of Americans, they’re not partisan issues,” Harris said while citing things like “bringing down the cost of groceries, [and] bringing down the cost of housing.”
“These are not partisan issues,” she said. “Democrats, Republicans, independents deal with these issues equally, and actually don’t think of think of them through the lens of the party with which they’re registered to vote. So that means working across the aisle.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
WATCH:
Kamala’s response to the sky-high price of groceries, which have increased by almost 25% since she took office: “These are not partisan issues.”
So… why hasn’t she done anything about it? pic.twitter.com/GIY6vQ0Vx2
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) October 28, 2024
In March 2021, Harris cast the tie-breaking vote in the U.S. Senate to advance the behemoth $1.9 trillion spending package known as the American Rescue Plan. The bill — which not a single Republican in the House or Senate voted for — was signed into law a week later.
The American Rescue Plan was the catalyst that sparked the country’s highest inflation rates in more than 40 years, with The Washington Post noting that prices on a wide range of items began to rise “within days” of the bill being signed into law. The following month, inflation jumped from 2.6% to 4.2%, the highest number in well over a decade, and a year later, inflation rates were soaring over 8% on a monthly basis, going as high as 9.1% in June 2022.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
