Headline:
 Kamala’s Desperate Final Plea: ‘Vote For Me Or You’re Sexist’ 

Date:
 Oct 23, 2024 

Article Text:
 This is like a parody of how to finish a campaign when you're trying to elect the first woman president.
We all remember that Election Night four years ago actually lasted a lot longer than one night. It stretched on for several days. And with each hour that passed — particularly in the overnight hours — Donald Trump’s lead slowly trickled away, until finally, the media declared Joe Biden had emerged victorious.
What followed was widespread suspicion of election fraud, January 6, a lot of lawsuits, and so on. Whatever you think of the results themselves, this was a clear failure of our government. Their job is to ensure that elections are beyond reproach. The appearance of fairness is almost as important as actual fairness and that clearly didn’t happen four years ago.
To quell the outrage that unfolded after the race was called for Joe Biden, Democrats came up with an explanation for what had occurred. They stated it was completely foreseeable that Donald Trump’s lead would dissipate, then vanish over several days. And the reason they said it made sense is that, in key states like Pennsylvania, all of the votes weren’t counted on Election Day. They told us that, as counties east of the Appalachian Mountains reported their results, it was only natural for Joe Biden’s lead to continue to grow.
Democrats said there was no cause for alarm here, because when you look at the demographics of the late-reporting counties, it all makes sense. Those counties included cities like Philadelphia and Atlanta, which have very large black populations. And black voters, in every presidential election in memory, have always turned out in very large numbers for the Democrat.
Therefore, they said, there’s nothing to see here. There’s no fraud. This is the expected result. That’s the excuse they went with, and a lot of Republicans bought it.
As we head into the final days of the 2024 presidential election, it’s becoming clear this excuse probably won’t work this time around. They won’t be able to say, with a straight face, that late-reporting counties in majority-black areas all broke for Kamala Harris by 90% at the last minute. That’s because Kamala Harris’ support among black voters, according to every major poll, is collapsing. Everyone admits this is happening — even CNN. Watch:

To be as fair as possible to Kamala Harris, her support is dropping among a lot of demographic groups. It’s not just black voters.
The New York Times just reported:
Vice President Kamala Harris’s support among Hispanic voters is in dangerously low territory for Democrats … More than one-third of Hispanic voters say they support both building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border and deporting immigrants who are living in the United States illegally.
But interestingly enough, you’ll notice that the Harris campaign isn’t going on the offensive against Hispanics. They’re not lecturing Hispanics about how they’re racists and misogynists. CNN isn’t freaking out either. Instead, the Kamala Harris campaign, their surrogates, and their allies in the media, have all united to go after black voters specifically.
This has been going on for some time now. A few weeks ago, I talked about Barack Obama’s literal finger-wag at black men. He showed up at Kamala Harris’ campaign headquarters and told black voters that, if they’re hesitating about supporting Kamala Harris, then they probably hate women. Here’s part of what he said, one more time:

This is the kind of outburst that, if you’re being charitable, you might chalk up to a bad day. Maybe the kite-surfing wasn’t great on Martha’s Vineyard that day, and so Barack Obama decided to go off-script and take out his frustrations on insolent black voters who won’t do what he commands them to do. Certainly, if you’re a Kamala Harris supporter, that’s the best-case scenario.
The worst-case scenario is that Barack Obama was delivering the campaign’s well-rehearsed, scripted closing argument — which is that if you’re a black guy and you don’t vote for Kamala Harris, then you’re a horrible person who hates women. If that’s the campaign’s closing argument, then they’re obviously in a lot of trouble.
Unfortunately for anyone who’s pulling for Kamala, it does appear that, indeed, this is the message they’re going with. You can tell because Barack Obama isn’t the only surrogate for Kamala Harris who’s talking like this.
Here for example is a Georgia “pastor” named Jamal Bryant. Kamala Harris visited his church this weekend. Watch:

He’s saying that black men were misogynists because they didn’t support Stacey Abrams. And now they’re misogynists because they won’t support Kamala Harris. This is the pastor Kamala is trying to court. And just to be clear about who this pastor is and what he stands for, here’s the vision for his church he laid out in a podcast last year:

This is the person Kamala is relying on to scold black men: A pastor who wants to turn his churches into marijuana farms, where they talk about sex toys. This is the quality of surrogate that she now has.
And it gets even worse. CNN asked Stacey Abrams about Jamal Bryant’s comments. You see, Stacey Abrams, unlike Donald Trump, is allowed to claim that all of her election losses are illegitimate, so CNN still pretends to take her seriously. And in this interview, Abrams basically agreed with what the pastor said. (Well, they didn’t bring up the sex toys and weed farms, although Stacey Abrams is an erotic fiction author, so we can fill in the blanks there anyway.) Watch:

This is a refrain we’re hearing again and again from Kamala’s defenders. They are lashing out at black men, and only black men, for failing to support Kamala Harris. They’re not going after Hispanics, or even white guys. This is maybe the first time in the history of the modern Democrat Party that they’re leaving all of those other demographic groups alone, so that they can harangue black men.
It’s hard to imagine a more counterproductive strategy, with under two weeks until the election. Let’s just assume that everything they’re saying is true, and that there’s an unusually large number of black men out there who are skeptical of electing a female president, solely on the basis of the fact that she’s a woman. The way to convince those people that a woman can lead this country isn’t to badger them. It’s not to nag them. That’s what you’d do if you wanted to reinforce every stereotype and negative perception in their minds.
What you should do, if you really think there’s a critical mass of black men who are hesitant to vote for a woman, is to actually respond to their concerns. Explain to them why Kamala Harris is deserving of their respect, even though it’s true that various authoritarians and foreign adversaries probably won’t treat her with any kind of respect. Explain all the ways that Kamala Harris has demonstrated leadership and projected toughness, so that these voters can rest assured that they’re leaving the country in capable hands.
None of Kamala’s surrogates can do that because they know that Kamala Harris isn’t capable of projecting toughness. She’s not capable of projecting a coherent thought, other than the idea that she grew up in a “middle-class family” and worked in a McDonald’s somewhere, even though there’s no record of either of those things occurring. So we’re left with this. Here’s just one more example. This is Jenn Psaki, the former Biden spokeswoman:

If you do what none of these surrogates want to do, which is actually talk to black people, you’ll find that they happen to have the same concerns that other demographic groups have. They’re worried that Kamala Harris is unqualified. And they think she’d be bad for the economy.
Here are just a couple of examples. The first is a clip from a voter in Pennsylvania. The second is a focus group conducted by the Daily Mail. The third is a group interview conducted by Anton Daniels. Watch:
The second is a focus group conducted by the Daily Mail. The third is a group interview conducted by Anton Daniels. Watch:

Imagine that. All of these black voters share some very fundamental concerns that millions of other people have, for good reasons. All of these concerns reflect very real problems with Kamala Harris. This is why Democrats probably shouldn’t have installed her in a coup. This is one of the benefits of actually holding a primary.
Nowhere in any of these clips do these voters say that they hate women, or that they don’t think a woman is capable of being president. They obviously aren’t faking their answers, either. These are clearly their actual beliefs. This is why black voters, and in particular black men, aren’t supporting Kamala Harris to the extent they supported other Democrats.
You can draw your own conclusions about why the Kamala Harris campaign is so irate about this. Maybe they’re realizing that the late-night vote counts from majority-black counties in eastern Pennsylvania aren’t going to swing their way this time around. (Or if they do swing their way, it’ll look even more suspicious). Maybe that’s why they’re so upset about what black voters are doing, as opposed to other demographic groups. Or maybe Democrats have so little respect for black people that they take their vote as a given, every single election cycle, regardless of the candidate they put forward. Maybe it’s all of the above.
Regardless of what exactly is going on here, the Kamala Harris campaign is making its desperation as transparent as possible. This is their closing argument of the 2024 election: Vote for Kamala Harris or you hate women. This is like a parody of how to finish a campaign when you’re trying to elect the first woman president. And the reason the Kamala Harris campaign is losing its mind is that, contrary to all of their expectations, voters can see right through it.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
