Headline:
 Kamala Once Threatened To Jail Oil Executives: ‘They Need To Pay The Price’ 

Date:
 Oct 16, 2024 

Article Text:
 Harris has continued to lie about her past remarks regarding her anti-fossil fuel agenda.
Vice President Kamala Harris threatened to prosecute fossil fuel executives during her failed 2020 presidential campaign, according to newly surfaced remarks.
CNN reported that Harris told voters at a November 2019 town hall in South Carolina that oil companies and fossil fuel companies “should be really prepared to look at a serious fine or be charged with a crime” for their role in what leftists claim is a “climate crisis.”
“And, not unlike the tobacco companies, after years — ’cause they’d done the research — they knew the harm that their product was causing,” Harris continued. “They were making so much money that they kept that secret — same thing with these big oil companies. And they need to pay the price.”
NEW: Our report last night on OutFrontCNN – As a candidate in 2019, Kamala Harris said she could criminally prosecute oil companies for climate change. Fast forward to 2024, she and Walz are now touting those same companies record oil production under the Biden-Harris admin. pic.twitter.com/mygxdQNDXI
— Andy Kaczynski (@KFILE) October 16, 2024
CNN added that Harris made similar remarks at the time in an interview with leftist magazine Mother Jones.
“Let’s get them not only in the pocketbook, but let’s make sure there are severe and serious penalties for their behaviors,” she said.
Harris — now the Democrat Party’s presidential nominee, despite never earning a single vote from primary voters — is now trying to take credit for the U.S.’s oil and gas production.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
The Biden-Harris administration’s policies have caused the U.S. to fall well behind oil and gas production projections.
In 2019, Harris led the charge with Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) in trying to ram the Green New Deal through Congress, an extreme far-Left climate initiative that would cost tens of trillions of dollars.
Harris also said at the time she would ban fracking, a claim that she has now walked back and continued to lie about when it comes to her past comments.
“There’s no question I’m in favor of banning fracking,” she told an audience member during a CNN town hall event in 2019. “And starting with what we can do on day one around public lands, and there has to be legislation. That’s something I’ve taken on in California. I have a history of working on this issue, and to your point, we have to just acknowledge that the residual impact of fracking is enormous in terms of the health and safety of communities.”
During an appearance on Jimmy Fallon in 2019, she called climate change the “single greatest threat” facing the world and said she was committed to passing the extreme Green New Deal and “finally putting an end to fracking once and for all.”
Harris was asked whether she still supported banning fracking during a softball CNN interview with Dana Bash several weeks ago.
“No, and I made that clear on the debate stage in 2020, that I would not ban fracking,” she claimed. “As vice president, I did not ban fracking. As president, I will not ban fracking.”
A review of Harris’ claims about what she said on the debate stage shows that she was lying.
After then-presidential nominee Joe Biden picked her as his running mate, she appeared in one vice presidential debate against Mike Pence in October 2020.
During that debate, Harris never stated that she would not ban fracking; she said that Biden would not ban fracking.
“Joe Biden will not end fracking,” Harris said. “He has been very clear about that.”
Several minutes later, Harris said: “Alright, so first of all, I will repeat, and the American people know, that Joe Biden will not ban fracking. That is a fact.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
