Headline:
 Kamala Campaign Quietly Concedes Plan For Black Men Is Actually Not Limited By Race 

Date:
 Oct 16, 2024 

Article Text:
 Newspaper says the phrase "and others" is "doing a ton of work."
The plan Vice President Kamala Harris revealed this week for black men is actually not tailored just to them, her 2024 campaign has quietly admitted.
As reported by The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday, Harris’ team said the programs in the “Opportunity Agenda for Black Men” are not bound by race.
Harris unveiled the plan to much fanfare on Monday amid concerns that black men were increasingly favoring her rival, former President Donald Trump.
Its agenda includes, among other things, providing “1 million loans that are fully forgivable to Black entrepreneurs and others to start a business.”
But what is now evident with the clarification, as observed by The Wall Street Journal in its report, is the phrase “and others” is “doing a ton of work.”
The paper noted Harris, as a lawyer and ex-state attorney general, “knows” the conservative-leaning Supreme Court has “little patience for racial preferences.”
It also quoted a campaign aide who insisted that Harris is “clear-eyed” about the struggles of black men to get good-paying jobs and support loved ones.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
This unnamed aide also said Harris “is championing solutions that will benefit all Americans and address these specific barriers to economic opportunity.”
Critics of Harris mocked the vice president for the duality after The Wall Street Journal revealed that her plan for black men is not actually just for them.
“The Harris-Walz campaign is a total disaster!” exclaimed the popular Libs of TikTok account run by Chaya Raichik on the X social media platform.
The Kamala campaign is now being forced to walk back and clarify her own policy. They claim her “Agenda for Black Men” will actually be for everyone on a “race-neutral basis.”
The Harris-Walz campaign is a total disaster! pic.twitter.com/j8L5FVR6pa
— Libs of TikTok (@libsoftiktok) October 16, 2024

In a separate post to X responding to the report, the “Trump War Room” account declared, “This is not what a serious presidential campaign looks like.”
This summer, an NAACP poll showed one in four black men backing Trump for president, a sign that Democrats may be losing ground among that group.
Rep. Jim Clyburn (D-SC), one of the most prominent black Democrats in Congress, expressed some agitation over the weekend in regard to the election.
“Yes, I am concerned about the black men staying home or voting for Trump,” Clyburn said during an interview Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union.”
The “Opportunity Agenda” also has sections on education, training, mentorship, cryptocurrency and other digital assets, health, and legalizing marijuana.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
