Headline:
 Kamala Was ‘The Chief Cheerleader’: CNN Pundit Torches Veep For Her Role In Biden Cover-Up 

Date:
 Oct 15, 2024 

Article Text:
 Democrats "assured us that Joe Biden was riding unicycles and juggling knives."
CNN Republican commentator Scott Jennings mocked Vice President Kamala Harris for her sudden interest in former President Donald Trump’s health and advanced age, noting the irony after she’d spent most of the last four years covering for President Joe Biden’s obvious decline.
Jennings made the comments during a Monday evening panel discussion, where he argued that Harris’ argument — that Trump should make all of his medical records public — was likely to fall flat.
WATCH;
Watching Harris lean into attacks on Trump “mental acuity” is just rich, given her role in the Biden coverup. Some pushback to the Dem lectures on @cnn last night. pic.twitter.com/5zGkHb1t4j
— Scott Jennings (@ScottJenningsKY) October 15, 2024

Jennings started off with a little free advice for Harris and her campaign, arguing that it was not a great look for her to push that line of attack.
“If I were Harris, I wouldn’t be leaning too heavily into who’s hiding what kind of medical conditions of people who are or want to be the president given her role in lying about the condition of Joe Biden for the last four years,” he said. “That’s number one.”
“Number two, I don’t think this works for her,” he continued. “I think — I’m back in the same bucket I was earlier. You’re not selling your own candidacy, you’re punching Donald Trump in the same way every other Democrat we’ve ever heard from for the last eight, nine years has punched this guy. That’s not the problem with your campaign. We’ve heard all the attacks on Trump. If she can’t sell her own candidacy any better than just punching on him, for her, if I were in her camp — I just don’t know if it’s going to be enough.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
Another panelist suggested it was good for the Harris campaign to remind people of Trump’s age and mental acuity, and Jennings cut back in.
“Honestly, just to be lectured by Democrats about, ‘You have to have mental acuity to be the President of the United States,'” Jennings added in mocking tones. “After what we just lived through for the last four years? Come on! Don’t lecture me about mental acuity and the presidency … Democrats, who all — you included — who all assured us that Joe Biden was riding unicycles and juggling knives in the Oval Office.”
“We all know that wasn’t true, and Harris was the chief cheerleader for that — the lectures about the mental acuity, come on,” he concluded.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
