Headline:
 Kamala Camp Scrambles To Navigate Cracks In The ‘Blue Wall’ 

Date:
 Oct 22, 2024 

Article Text:
 "Discussions of an anomaly w/Blue Wall and not all states falling in the same direction. Hasn't happened since 1988."
Vice President Kamala Harris‘ campaign team is scrambling to navigate around possible cracks in the so-called “blue wall” — an effort that is only complicated further by the fact that only two weeks remain until Election Day.
NBC News Senior National Political Reporter Natasha Korecki published a report on the topic early Tuesday morning, and she shared a few of the key takeaways in a post on X.
“NEW: Harris campaign is privately flagging potential cracks in the Blue Wall,” she posted, adding a list of key points. “Discussions of an anomaly w/Blue Wall and not all states falling in the same direction. Hasn’t happened since 1988; Concerns centered on MI, 3 sources tell us (campaign pushes back and say they’re gonna win MI); Warning signs in North Carolina. ‘Of all of the seven [states], that one seems to be a little bit slipping away,’ a Harris campaign official said of North Carolina.”
NEW: Harris campaign is privately flagging potential cracks in the Blue Wall. – Discussions of an anomaly w/Blue Wall and not all states falling in the same direction. Hasn't happened since 1988.– Concerns centered on MI, 3 sources tell us (campaign pushes back and say they're…
— Natasha Korecki (@natashakorecki) October 22, 2024

“North Carolina was always going to be a coup for Democrats and is still well within reach,” Korecki continued. “But pre-Hurricane it potentially offered another route to 270 (after combining electoral votes with NV, which Ds also have to hold).”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
Early signs of Black voting down in NC.
–Good signs for Dems: Trump is spending another day in NC, indicating he needs to shore it up 14 days to election.
–Democrats have the strongest org in NC they've had in awhile in the states.
This from a longtime Democratic…
— Natasha Korecki (@natashakorecki) October 22, 2024

“Early signs of Black voting down in N.C.,” Korecki noted — but then suggested that former President Donald Trump’s decision to remain in North Carolina for another day meant he believed he needed to rally more support. “Good signs for Dems: Trump is spending another day in N.C., indicating he needs to shore it up 14 days to election. Democrats have the strongest org in NC they’ve had in awhile in the state.”
Trump has spent a fair amount of time in North Carolina, meeting with first responders and residents who were impacted by the devastating Hurricane Helene.
With just days to go in the 2024 election cycle, Harris is also facing polls that indicate her support from black voters — particularly black men — is slipping. If recent polls prove to be accurate, Harris will have less support from black voters than any Democrat in more than 50 years.
No matter how you splice the data, Trump seems to be the strongest Republican with Black voters since 1960. Young Black men in particular have trended right during Trump's runs (cutting the Dem margin by 40 pts from 2012).
But Trump's doing historically well with Black women too pic.twitter.com/FyUqqDKLjE
— (((Harry Enten))) (@ForecasterEnten) October 14, 2024

Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
