Headline:
 Kamala’s Campaign Outraised Team Trump 3-To-1 In September 

Date:
 Oct 21, 2024 

Article Text:
 A large percentage of Harris' September haul came from glitzy fundraisers her campaign held with celebrities and politicians.
Vice President Kamala Harris’ campaign boasted a nearly $222 million haul in September, more than three times the money raised by former President Donald Trump’s campaign last month.
FEC filings posted on Sunday night showed Harris’ campaign raising $221.8 million in September to the Trump campaign’s $63 million, The Hill reported. The Harris campaign, combined with the Democratic National Committee and the state parties, raised nearly $360 million in September. The Republican National Committee and other Republican-affiliated groups combined with the Trump campaign raised $160 million over the same period, according to the Associated Press.
A large percentage of Harris’ September haul — about $82 million — came from glitzy fundraisers her campaign held with celebrities and politicians in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and New York City. The fundraising numbers for the Harris campaign set a new record for the biggest fundraising quarter, as it received $1 billion in the three-month period that ended on September 30. Some of that money, however, was part of President Joe Biden’s war chest before Harris became the de facto nominee in July and inherited tens of millions of dollars from the Biden campaign.
The Harris campaign spent more than it took in last month, pouring $270 million into advertisements on TV, radio, billboards, and the internet, the AP reported. In September, the Trump campaign spent around $53 million on media, according to The New York Times.
Harris and the groups supporting her said they entered October with $348 million on hand, while Trump and his supporting groups entered the new month with $283 million.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
While the Trump campaign lags far behind Harris and the Democrats’ fundraising, the Republican nominee is benefitting from a campaign push by Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk and his pro-Trump America PAC. The billionaire appeared with Trump in the former president’s return to Butler, Pennsylvania, earlier this month and has held his own town hall events in support of Trump and Republicans.
Musk’s America PAC is offering $47 a day to anyone who refers a registered swing state voter to sign a petition supporting the First and Second Amendments, and the billionaire announced during a town hall in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, on Saturday that he will give away $1 million “randomly to people who have signed the petition every day from now until the election.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
