Headline:
 Kamala Harris Fumes When Confronted Over Covering Up Biden’s Cognitive Decline 

Date:
 Oct 16, 2024 

Article Text:
 "Joe Biden is not on the ballot!" Harris fumed.
Vice President Kamala Harris exploded during an interview Wednesday night when confronted with her cover-up of President Joe Biden’s serious cognitive decline.
Harris made the remarks to Bret Baier during her first real interview of the election cycle in which she was asked difficult questions and repeated follow-ups.
“You told many interviewers that Joe Biden was on his game, that [he] ran around circles on his staff,” Baier noted. “When did you first notice that President Biden’s mental faculties appeared diminished?”
Baier’s question came after Biden was forced out of the presidential race by the Democrat Party following his disastrous debate performance against former President Donald Trump.
Harris flashed a deer-in-the-headlights look when asked the question, and paused for a moment before answering.
“Joe Biden, I have watched in — from the Oval Office to the Situation Room, and he has the judgment and the experiment — and experience to do exactly what he has done in making very important decisions on behalf of the American people,” Harris claimed.
Baier pushed back: “There were no concerns raised?”
Harris snapped back: “Bret, Joe Biden is not on the ballot.”
As Baier tried to talk, Harris repeatedly talked over him, saying: “And Donald Trump is.”
Baier mentioned that notable figures said that Biden’s decline was blatantly obvious to everyone around him.
“Actor George Clooney said within a few minutes of talking to President Biden at a fundraiser that he thought this was not the same Joe Biden,” Baier said.
Harris responded: “Donald Trump is on the ballot.”
WATCH:
BRETT BAIER: “When did you first notice that Joe Biden’s mental faculties appeared diminished?”
KAMALA: “Joe Biden is not on the ballot.” pic.twitter.com/rKK7dfgwBz
— Conservative War Machine (@WarMachineRR) October 16, 2024
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
