Headline:
 Kamala’s Campaign Is ‘Flawless,’ Media To Blame For Not Fawning Enough: Sunny Hostin 

Date:
 Oct 14, 2024 

Article Text:
 "I think it's because people believe in her."
Sunny Hostin claimed on Monday that Vice President Kamala Harris — who is steadily losing ground in most polls — has run a “flawless” campaign so far.
Hostin made the comments during a Columbus Day broadcast of ABC’s “The View,” and she argued that if Harris was floundering in the polls, it was the media to blame for not taking up for her as much as they should.
WATCH:
When answering why Kamala Harris isn't winning in the polls, Sunny Hostin claims Harris is "running a flawless campaign."Hostin insists "the press to blame for" Harris's polling problems. "I think that the media has to do a much better job than what they're doing." pic.twitter.com/wrwF43OZaX
— Nicholas Fondacaro (@NickFondacaro) October 14, 2024

Hostin, responding to a series of polls that have shown Harris flagging with men — even black men — and the latest NBC poll showed that any lead the vice president had garnered from the September 10 debate has since evaporated.
“Look, I think that Kamala Harris has been running a flawless campaign,” Hostin said, arguing that she would not have been able to raise $1 billion if there was no real momentum behind her. “I think it’s because people believe in her, and I think people are showing that by the amount of money that they are willing to give to the campaign.”
“I think we have the press to blame for a lot of this,” she added. “Whoopi, you always say that you don’t believe in polls. I’m with you now, because I’m reading the press. First it was, ‘Kamala’s not doing enough press.’ Then she goes on this huge press tour, she was here, with us, I thought she was fantastic.”
Hostin left out the fact that Harris, during her appearance on “The View,” had flubbed even the softest of softball questions when she failed to answer how she would do anything differently than President Joe Biden had.
“The crowd went wild, it was electric,” Hostin continued. “CNN: ‘Democrats grow anxious’; Axios: ‘Blue wall blues’; Fox: ‘Dems are scared to death.’ No! Dems are not scared to death. Dems are pumped.”
Hostin went on to explain what she thought the press should be covering, beginning by echoing Harris’ recent speech verbatim and claiming that Trump was “in hiding” because he didn’t do the “60 Minutes” interview. She made no mention of Harris’ refusal to do the traditional candidate sit-down with TIME Magazine.
She concluded by arguing that they were too focused on former President Barack Obama’s insulting comments toward black men — namely that if they weren’t falling in line behind Harris, they were sexists — and not focused enough on his “captivating” formal speeches.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
