Headline:
 Liberal Super PAC Warns Kamala: Calling Trump A ‘Fascist’ Isn’t Persuasive 

Date:
 Oct 29, 2024 

Article Text:
 “Purely negative attacks on Trump’s character are less effective ..."
A leading pro-Kamala Harris super PAC has told the vice president that attacking former President Donald Trump as a fascist “is not that persuasive.”
With just one week left until the election, the super PAC Future Forward sent an email to Democrats saying that attacking Trump’s character by calling him a fascist isn’t working, The New York Times reported. The committee also warned that claiming Trump was “exhausted” didn’t work either.
The emails have been sent regularly for months, the Times reported, but have arrived more frequently as the election draws near. The messages are meant to guide Democrats on messaging and are based on Future Forward’s analysis of clips and social media posts. The email sent Friday suggested Democrats focus on Harris’ policies, especially her economic proposals and stance on abortion.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
“Purely negative attacks on Trump’s character are less effective than contrast messages that include positive details about Kamala Harris’s plans to address the needs of everyday Americans,” the email said, according to the Times.
The email from Future Forward also said that Harris’ comments about former Trump chief of staff John Kelly’s dubious claims that Trump praised Adolf Hitler’s generals didn’t move the needle as much as other messages. Specifically, Harris’ comments about Kelly’s claim at a CNN town hall were much less persuasive than her appearance on Howard Stern, where she promised to expand Medicare. The Biden-Harris administration, however, implemented a plan through the falsely titled Inflation Reduction Act that would significantly increase Medicare premiums. In order to cover this up, the administration plans to give billions of dollars to private insurance companies to keep the premiums down until after the election, POLITICO reported.
While the email appeared damaging enough for the Times to cover it, the president of Future Forward, Chauncey McLean, dismissed the warning in a statement to the outlet.
“Don’t over-read this,” McLean told the Times. “This is just one of our regular emails sharing testing results from thousands of pieces of earned and social media content. It shows people that the most effective way of using Trump’s words and behavior is tying them to consequences in voters’ lives. That’s what Kamala Harris does every day by comparing her to-do list with his enemies list, for example.”
Harris currently leads Trump by less than one percentage point, according to a Daily Wire average of 305 polls. At this point in 2020, President Joe Biden had a 4.5-point lead over Trump, according to the Real Clear Politics polling average at the time. Polymarket, the world’s largest prediction market, gives Trump a 66.6% chance of winning the election.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
