Headline:
 Non-Citizen, Illegal Alien Voting Could Deliver Key Swing States To Harris, Study Finds 

Date:
 Oct 23, 2024 

Article Text:
 The number of non-citizens eclipse the 2020 margin of victory in 12 different states, including Arizona and Georgia.
If a significant number of illegal aliens and other non-citizens manage to vote in the upcoming election, the voting bloc could flip swing states in favor of Vice President Kamala Harris and deliver victory to the Democratic candidate, a new study reveals.
The report from the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) found that the number of voting age citizens in certain key swing states outnumbers the margins of victory in the 2020 election, indicating that non-citizens could materially change the outcome of the November 5th election if they are able to vote in significant numbers in violation of the law.
“Census Bureau data collected earlier this year indicates that there are 23.2 million voting-age non-citizens in the country, roughly half of whom are illegal immigrants,” CIS states. “Our analysis does show that in a dozen states, plus the Nebraska 2nd district, the non-citizen population in 2024 is potentially large enough to exceed the state winner’s margin in 2020.”
“Mathematically, there are 12 states, plus the Nebraska 2nd congressional district, where the voting-age non-citizen population is larger in 2024 than the state winner’s margin of victory in the last presidential election,” CIS reported before highlighting specific swing states that could be most impacted by illegal immigrant and other non-citizen voting.
There are 12 states, plus the Nebraska 2nd congressional district, where the voting-age non-citizen population is larger in 2024 than the state winner’s margin of victory in the last presidential election.
Full report: https://t.co/RtB6NDBkBF pic.twitter.com/HQK7UEIdgm
— Center for Immigration Studies (@CIS_org) October 23, 2024
Less than two percent of the non-citizen populations of Arizona and Georgia would need to vote in each state in order to equal the margins of victory in the 2020 election, the study found. The two states, which together have 27 electoral votes, are both crucial swing states that will have an outsized role in deciding the winner of the presidential contest.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
A larger share of non-citizens would have to vote in other key swing states in order to eclipse the 2020 margin of victory, however. In North Carolina, 10.26 percent of non-citizens would have to vote, while over 15 percent would have to vote in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.
Existing data indicates that non-citizen voting would likely be a boon for Harris, giving her an advantage over former President Donald Trump. About two-thirds of foreign-born citizens favored the Democrats over the Republicans in the 2016 election.
“Assuming non-citizens would have the same voting preferences as naturalized citizens in 2016, then it would require 4.49 percent of non-citizens to vote in Georgia and 5.13 percent to vote in Arizona in 2024 for the net gain in votes for Harris to exceed the margin of victory in the last presidential election,” CIS explained. Some recent data, however, indicates that Harris holds a more modest 20 point advantage over Trump.
Leftwing organizations and donors appear to agree that bringing in large numbers of immigrants and allowing them to vote would help the Democratic Party. The analysis from CIS comes as a recent investigation from The Daily Wire found that far-Left organizations funded by Democratic mega donor George Soros have naturalized citizens in order to turn them into voters, saying the plan could “sway the outcome” of national elections.
The role of mass immigration on American elections has come into sharp focus this year, with conservative figures warning of its long-term implications.
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) alleged that Harris supports mass immigration because it will shift America “dramatically to the left,” allowing Democrats to “win every election forever.” Elon Musk has similarly warned that illegal immigration bolsters the population figures of liberal sanctuary states and cities, resulting in the areas receiving a higher number of Congressional districts. Any legislation that provides amnesty for illegal aliens could have an even more drastic impact on the fate of American elections.
Over 10 million people have crossed the border under the Biden-Harris administration, with an estimated 1.7 million illegal immigrant gotaways recorded since the two took office in January 2021. In the final days of the race, the Harris campaign has even run an advertisement that claims Democrats are the party of border security, featuring an image of former president Donald Trump’s border wall.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
