Headline:
 ‘Not Encouraging’: NYT Warns Kamala In Trouble As Poll Finds Her Tied With Trump 

Date:
 Oct 25, 2024 

Article Text:
 Trump and Harris are tied at 48% in the latest NYT/Siena poll.
The New York Times warned on Friday that Vice President Kamala Harris may be in trouble after its latest poll found her tied nationally with former President Donald Trump.
The Times and Siena College poll of 2,516 likely voters from October 20-23 found Harris and Trump tied at 48% as Americans remain pessimistic about the state of the country. The poll brought the RealClearPolitics average of the contest between Harris and Trump to a tie at 48.5%.
“The result, coming less than two weeks before Election Day, and as millions of Americans have already voted, is not encouraging for Ms. Harris,” the Times wrote of its most recent poll, adding, “[Democrats] have been looking to Ms. Harris to build a strong national lead as a sign that she would do well in such critical swing states as Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.”
One of the troubling signs was that only 28% of those surveyed believed that the country was headed in the right direction. “And voters continue to be pessimistic about the direction of the country, a measure that historically has been a danger sign for the party in power,” the outlet noted.
The Times said that Harris appears to have weakened among likely voters since its last poll.
“Ms. Harris’s position, if anything, may have declined among likely voters since the last Times/Siena College poll, taken in early October. At the time, she had a slight lead over Mr. Trump, 49 percent to 46 percent. The change is within the margin of error, but The Times’s national polling average has registered a tightening in polls over the past few weeks as well, suggesting at the very least that this contest has drawn even closer.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
The top issues for the voters were the economy (27%), immigration (15%), and abortion (15%). On Those issues, Trump was trusted more on the economy (52%-45%) and immigration (54%-43%) while Harris was trusted more on abortion (55%-40%).
“I was very, extremely disappointed in her response to our immigration issue,” 27-year-old Larrissa Alexander told the Times. “And when she was first elected, that was one of the things that she was tasked with handling. And she accepted that responsibility. And then every time she was asked about it or pressed about it, it just was attitude-giving in return.”
The poll found a large gap between male and female support for both Trump and Harris. Among men surveyed, Trump led 55%-41% while Harris led women 54%-42%.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
