Headline:
 Religious Freedom Defenders Tear Into Kamala For Denying Religious Exemptions To Abortions 

Date:
 Oct 23, 2024 

Article Text:
 "Christians, remember this when you go to vote."
Top conservative voices slammed Vice President Kamala Harris for saying she would not allow religious exemptions for abortions as president in a Tuesday interview.
Harris’ comments came in an interview with NBC News’ Hallie Jackson, who asked Harris: “What concessions would be on the table? Religious exemptions, for example? Is that something you would consider?”
“I don’t think we should be making concessions when we are talking about a fundamental freedom to make decisions about your own body,” a frowning Harris responded.
Jackson: “Religious exemptions [to abortion], for example? Is that something you would consider?”
Harris: “I don’t think we should be making concessions when we are talking about a fundamental freedom to make decisions about your own body.” pic.twitter.com/AVzyKEjBrG
— Mary Margaret Olohan (@MaryMargOlohan) October 22, 2024
“To Republicans like, for example, Susan Collins, Lisa Murkowski, who would back something like this on a Democratic agenda, if, in fact, Republicans control Congress, would you offer them an olive branch, or is that off the table? Is that not an option for you?”
“I’m not going to engage in hypotheticals,” Harris responded. Her campaign did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Harris’ comment quickly drew outrage from religious liberty advocates, who argued that Harris was expressing support for unconstitutionally forcing medical professionals to violate their religious beliefs by performing abortions of unborn babies.
“So she’s not only pro-abortion, she is anti-religious freedom,” tweeted Faith and Freedom Coalition Chairman Ralph Reed. “Duly noted.”
CatholicVote, a national organization promoting Catholic policies, said in a statement Tuesday night that Harris was admitting “she would deny religious exemptions for abortions — forcing Christians to kill unborn children and seemingly doubling down on weaponizing the government to jail pro-lifers who pray outside abortion facilities.”
“Why would any Christian vote for her?” CatholicVote asked.
SBA Pro-Life America accused Harris of promising to “federally steamroll Americans into taking part in abortions against their will.” Under such an administration, the pro-life group said, doctors would be forced to perform abortions and taxpayers must pay for them — “for any reason, in all 50 states, no exceptions.”
.@KamalaHarris promises ‘freedom’ but then pledges to federally steamroll Americans into taking part in abortions against their will.
Docs must perform them, taxpayers must pay for them, for any reason, in all 50 states, no exceptions. pic.twitter.com/DHRHTd14xo
— SBA Pro-Life America (@sbaprolife) October 22, 2024
Ben Domenech, editor-at-large of The Spectator World, argued that “[f]orcing Catholic hospitals, which supply care to some of the most vulnerable populations, to perform abortions or shut their doors is literally the most vile thing a major party candidate has ever endorsed.”
“Kamala Harris should clarify, and quickly, whether given the chance she would force Americans who object on religious or conscience grounds, to participate in abortion,” tweeted Grazie Pozo Christine, a pro-life doctor and host of an EWTN radio show. “Sadly, it would not be the first time Harris has used her political power to trample the rights of religious Americans.”
And “Trump War Room,” the X account of former President Donald Trump’s campaign, warned voters: “Christians, remember this when you go to vote.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
