Headline:
 Terrified As Her Numbers Among Black Men Dive, Kamala Rolls Out Plan For Them 

Date:
 Oct 14, 2024 

Article Text:
 "Historically weak performance for a Democratic candidate"
Apparently frightened that her numbers among black men have plummeted, Vice President Kamala Harris rolled out a plan for aiding black men.
“Vice President Harris Will Deliver for Black Men,” kamalaHarris.com states, then lists her “Opportunity Agenda for Black Men,” which includes:
“Providing 1 million loans that are fully forgivable to Black entrepreneurs and others to start a business; supporting a regulatory framework for cryptocurrency and other digital assets so Black men who invest in and own these assets are protected; launching a National Health Equity Initiative focused on Black Men that addresses sickle cell disease, diabetes, mental health, prostate cancer, and other health challenges that disproportionately impact them,” and “legalizing recreational marijuana and creating opportunities for Black Americans to succeed in this new industry.”
Harris rolls out 'Opportunity Agenda for Black Men'
—1 million forgivable loans for black entrepreneurs starting a biz—Money for education/training programs—Protect cryptocurrency—Health initiative: sickle cell & other conditions—Legalize recreational weed to boost industry
— Sahil Kapur (@sahilkapur) October 14, 2024


On Monday, CNN pollster Harry Enten spoke of how Harris’ support among black men has dwindled and is roughly half of what former President Barack Obama’s was.
“You go back to November of 2012, what do you see?” Enten asked rhetorically. “You see Obama by 81, Clinton only won them by 63. Then we’re all the way down to Biden last time around by 53. A tremendous drop already. And then you take a look at the average of the most recent polls and Kamala Harris is up by only 41 points. That is about half the margin that Obama won them by back in November of 2012.”
Asked about black men overall, Enten responded, “We’re looking once again at younger black men at what looks like the worst Democratic performance since 1960 since JFK versus Richard Nixon. It’s the same thing among black men overall. Again, part of a similar trend, but here, actually, the drop off isn’t as dramatic, right? Barack Obama won him by 85. Then you see 71 Clinton, 69 Biden, basically the same thing holding steady. But here, again, very, very weak, only a 54-point margin. Now, again, still winning them by a large margin, but considerably lower than what we’re used to. Certainly, considerably lower than what we had during the Obama years. The bottom line is Kamala Harris with younger black men and then black men overall putting in historically weak performance for a Democratic candidate.”
In mid-September, Reuters reported, “Over one quarter of younger Black men say they would support Republican candidate Donald Trump in this year’s U.S. presidential election, an NAACP poll showed on Friday.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
