Headline:
 The Most Absurd DEI Moments Under Biden-Harris 

Date:
 Nov 1, 2024 

Article Text:
 These DEI "achievements" reveal how backwards and incompetent our government has become over the past four years.
There’s been a lot of very negative coverage of diversity, equity and inclusion lately. Some of you may know that, as I’ve mentioned once or twice, I recently put together a movie on the topic: “Am I Racist?” Streaming on Daily Wire right now. I’ve also done a lot of shows about DEI and for good reason. In fact, a DEI candidate is on the ballot for president of the United States. We are on the cusp of either doubling down on this disastrous ideology, or possibly eradicating it entirely.
All that being said, I’d be lying if I said that, deep down, I don’t have a soft spot for certain DEI policies that the Biden-Harris administration has implemented. You see, as a certified DEI expert myself, I’m trained to recognize that not all DEI programs are equal. Some of them are just straight-up racist, sure. Virtually all of them are counterproductive. But I’m capable of identifying, based on my extensive training, some DEI policies that are really diamonds in the rough. Some of them transcend politics and stand as monuments to the unfettered ingenuity of the Biden-Harris administration. The more you think about these policies, the more you come around to the idea that maybe, just maybe, DEI is worth keeping around in some form — if only because, in many cases, these policies are hilarious. Or at least, mildly amusing.
In that spirit — and because we could all use a breather going into what may be the most heated and contested presidential election since the Civil War — I’m going to rank my favorite DEI policies from the Biden-Harris administration. The group “Do No Harm” assembled a gigantic database of all the zillions of ways the administration has implemented DEI, and I’ve whittled that database down to my personal top 10 list. I’m posting that list on X, but for the purposes of this article I’ll whittle that list down even further.
We’ll start with this one, which is probably the best. With very little fanfare, under the administration’s “equity” mandate, The TSA deployed new “advanced imaging technology” to, “reduce the instances of enhanced screening for trans persons.” According to the TSA, “this update eliminated the need for TSA officers to determine a passenger’s gender prior to Advanced Imaging screening.” This is a program that taxpayers spent millions of dollars to implement. But how does it work exactly? How, precisely, is imaging technology resulting in less false flags for self-identified “trans people”?
Here’s one news report I found on this topic. We’ll see if they can shed some light on the situation:

So before the DEI update over at TSA, the body scanner required that agents select a gender for the traveler. This is one of those things that I guess they didn’t want to elaborate on during a local news broadcast, but it’s pretty clear what’s going on here. If the machine detects that a woman has a strange object in a region of the body where a woman shouldn’t have any object at all, then the machine would sound an alarm, and the TSA agent would have to do a pat-down. But if the machine detects that object on a man’s body, it’s a little less suspicious.
Anyone with a child’s understanding of biology can figure out that this makes a lot of sense. It’s not exactly a foolproof system, but it does make it a little harder for women to smuggle contraband through a body scanner.
But the TSA, under the Biden-Harris administration, has made the technology more “accurate,” supposedly. How did that do that? According to the TSA, last summer they introduced a “gender-neutral algorithm” to the body scanners. In other words, presumably they’ve stopped looking for mismatches between someone’s gender and any objects that may be attached to their bodies in strange places. As a result, they say that the number of “false positives” has gone down by 50%.
The TSA brags about that statistic on their website quite a bit — even though it doesn’t really tell us anything at all. You can reduce the number of “false positives” by 100% if you just unplug the body scanner and stop using it entirely. The more useful statistic — if we’re being frank here — would be knowing whether anyone was able to sneak a weapon through the body scanner because the machine thought it was male genitalia instead of, say, a gun or a knife. But the TSA doesn’t have those statistics because, of course, there’s no way to track objects that they missed completely. We’ll just have to find out the hard way, I guess. Hopefully ISIS doesn’t employ any gender-neutral terrorists.
That brings me to another monumental DEI achievement under the Biden-Harris administration. This one comes to us from the Department of Energy, which recently became notorious for employing its own gender-neutral menace. You might have heard that the Department of Energy’s esteemed nuclear waste disposal expert, Sam Brinton, turned out to be an expert in stealing women’s luggage from airport baggage claims. That whole episode led to a lot of bad press, which is too bad because it distracted everyone from the Department of Energy’s historic achievement in the field of DEI. Fortunately, as a certified DEI professional, I’m here to rectify that oversight.
This is a very real paragraph from the “Equity Action Plan” at the Department of Energy. I hope you’re sitting down for this:
In Fiscal Year 2023, DOE sponsored … the Lesbians Who Tech conference. … DOE also work[ed] in close partnership with its Energy PRIDE Employee Resource Group for Pride Month, including raising the Progress Pride Flag for the third year in a row with the Energy Secretary.
I’ll read that last part again. The Department of Energy raised the Progress Pride Flag three years in a row, with the Energy Secretary in attendance. They didn’t just raise the flag for one year. They didn’t just raise the flag for two years. They did it three whole years. In a row.
This is something that a bureaucrat — paid by your tax dollars — wrote down in a government document as a major achievement for equity. And then they published this document online, to brag to the whole world. Just to make sure I wasn’t missing anything, I pulled up a video of what this Progress Pride “flag raising” ceremony looked like. Here’s some of that riveting footage:

It’s just monumental stuff. So first of all, the Department of Energy lady says that “PRIDE” stands for “promoting respect, inclusion, diversity and equity.” That’s the first time I’ve ever heard that, but she just says it as fact.
So I looked it up. It turns out that this is a disputed acronym. Most people say that PRIDE is not an acronym at all. It just means “pride,” as in, one of the seven deadly sins. But for their part, the University of San Francisco’s LGBTQ center claims that PRIDE stands for “professionalism, respect, integrity, diversity, and excellence.” So there are some differences there. Three of the five words are different. And of course when you think of gay pride parades with men walking around in leather bondage gear in front of children, the first word that comes to mind to describe the scene is: professionalism. Also respect and integrity.
There’s also the folks over at Robins Air Force Base, who have weighed in on this topic, albeit in a very different context. They say on their website that PRIDE really stands for “People, Readiness, Innovation, Drive, and Excellence.”
So already, this is all very confusing. And then it gets more confusing when the Department of Energy lady says this: “Pride is for everyone, whether you are a member of the community or an ally.” In other words, Pride is for everyone, except all of the people who think Pride is dumb, evil, divisive, and a complete waste of taxpayer money. So Pride isn’t really for everyone at all, I guess. But she’ll say that anyway, because it sounds nice.
Speaking of pride, NASA was particularly proud under the Biden-Harris administration to launch something called “Mission Equity.” No, “Mission Equity” doesn’t refer to a trip to Mars, or catching a rocket booster mid-air so that they can reuse it later. You’re thinking too small. After all, who needs reusable rocket boosters when you have NASA’s “LGBTQI+ Gender Equity Forum,” which connects nonbinary, trans and queer folx with government procurement experts? I mean, if you give any sane person the choice between those two achievements, they’re obviously going to go with the gender equity forum.
But that’s not even my favorite part of what NASA accomplished in the DEI department over the last four years. They also put together what, in my humble opinion as a DEI expert, is maybe the single creepiest DEI town hall that’s ever been put together by a government agency. One after another, the entire agency — including the director — delivered some mindless lines about Joe Biden’s executive order on equity, and how important it is. And then they announced the launch of Mission Equity. Watch:

This would be a creepy and depressing town hall if it was, say, the local teachers’ union doing it. But this is NASA we’re talking about here, which makes it even harder to watch. NASA used to do great things, like land a man on the moon. And they did all of those great things without DEI. And now they’re all pretending that DEI was somehow the key to their success all along. Meanwhile, as NASA holds meetings like this — where they all act like lobotomized DEI activists — SpaceX is actually accomplishing things.
There are a bunch of other examples of this rot that Do No Harm has collected. The Forest Service spent $1 billion on “environmental justice,” which is a term that no one can define. The N.E.A. spent more than $6 million to make the art world more “equitable” because, as we all know, the art world is a haven for those dreaded MAGA Republicans. The Department of Commerce allocated $70 million exclusively for “women-owned small businesses,” which is why a lot of men now list their wives as the “owner” of their company. That’s a really big improvement, I guess. We’ve incentivized fraud at a massive scale.
Meanwhile, over at the CIA, they took a break from overthrowing foreign governments so that they could sponsor robotics camps for “middle school students from underserved communities.” And the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, which regulates commercial vehicles, held the first-ever meeting of the “Women of Trucking Advisory Board.” That makes sense, because if there’s one thing we desperately need as a country, it’s more women spending weeks away from their families while they drive 30-ton trucks all over the country.
Of course, cataloging all of the DEI programs that the Biden-Harris administration has implemented is nearly impossible. There’s just too many of them. But having looked at the database from “Do No Harm,” those are some of my favorites. They’re the DEI “achievements” that reveal how backwards and incompetent our government has become over the past four years. And if nothing else, they’re one last incentive to vote if you haven’t already.
All of this is reversible. We just have to fire the people who implemented these policies on Tuesday. And then, after we’re done laughing at these imbeciles, we can tell the next crop of government employees to get back to work.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
