Headline:
 2009 Book Was Not The Only Thing Kamala Plagiarized 

Date:
 Oct 22, 2024 

Article Text:
 "A plagiarized speech and now she is Truly Biden."
A recent report from Christopher Rufo detailed the parts of Vice President Kamala Harris‘ 2009 book that appear to have been plagiarized — but according to a new report from The Washington Free Beacon, the story doesn’t end there.
A new report from the Free Beacon’s Aaron Sibarium showed that in 2007 — while she was the San Francisco District Attorney — Harris lifted text from a Republican state attorney and then presented it as her own when testifying before Congress on a loan repayment program for prosecutors.
From The Free Beacon:
Virtually her entire testimony about the bill was taken from that of another district attorney, Paul Logli of Winnebago County, Illinois, who had testified in support of the legislation two months earlier before the Senate Judiciary Committee. Both statements cite the same surveys, use the same language, and make the same points in the same order, with a paragraph added here or there. They even contain the same typos, such as missing punctuation or mistaken plurals. One error—a “who” that should have been a “whom”—was corrected in Harris’s transposition.
Sibarium posted a lengthy thread to X along with screenshots of Logli’s testimony — from several months earlier — alongside Harris’ testimony, which was submitted to the Senate Judiciary Committee in April.
“In 2007, Kamala Harris plagiarized pages of Congressional testimony from a Republican colleague. And in 2012, she plagiarized a fictionalized story about sex trafficking—but presented it as a real case. It’s not just one book; it’s a career-long pattern,” he began the thread.
On April 24, 2007, Harris testified before the House Judiciary Committee in support of a student loan repayment program. Virtually her entire testimony about the program was taken from that of another district attorney, Paul Logli of Winnebago County, Illinois. pic.twitter.com/FmJX5KBu8z
— Aaron Sibarium (@aaronsibarium) October 22, 2024

According to Sibarium’s report, nearly 1,200 of the 1,500 words she submitted as her testimony matched Logli’s verbatim. He went on in the thread on X to lay out several other instances in which she had submitted work that was not her own, changing only minor details.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
“As California attorney general, she didn’t just copy boilerplate language without attribution. In one of the lengthier passages reviewed by Free Beacon, she lifted a fictionalized story about a victim of sex trafficking—and presented it as a real case,” Sibarium continued.
The story came from Polaris Project, a nonprofit that runs the National Human Trafficking Hotline. By June 2012, the project had posted vignettes on its website that were "representative of the types of calls" the hotline receives and "meant for informational purposes only."
— Aaron Sibarium (@aaronsibarium) October 22, 2024


“The story came from Polaris Project, a nonprofit that runs the National Human Trafficking Hotline. By June 2012, the project had posted vignettes on its website that were ‘representative of the types of calls’ the hotline receives and ‘meant for informational purposes only.'”
“A plagiarized speech and now she is Truly Biden,” Phil Kerpen remarked as the story began to spread.
“She wasn’t content stealing his 2024 nomination, she’s now stealing his 1988 campaign,” Daily Wire Editor Emeritus Ben Shapiro added.
She wasn't content stealing his 2024 nomination, she's now stealing his 1988 campaign https://t.co/bH6dawI00q
— Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) October 22, 2024

Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
