Headline:
 ‘The DEI Candidate’: Matt Walsh Blasts Kamala, Calls Out Dems’ Race Obsession 

Date:
 Oct 29, 2024 

Article Text:
 “That’s all they really have.”
Matt Walsh appeared on Fox News Monday night to discuss the streaming release of “Am I Racist?” and blasted Vice President Kamala Harris and the Democratic Party over their obsession with racial identity.
Walsh told Fox News host Trace Gallagher that the Democrats’ uproar over jokes made at former President Donald Trump’s Madison Square Garden rally highlights how the Left focuses on “the victim and oppressor narrative.”
“And that’s all they really have,” Walsh said. “That’s kind of what lays at the bottom of the Left-wing racial ideology, which is what the DEI scam, which we expose in the film, is built on.”
Gallagher played a clip of Dr. Phil blasting diversity, equity, and inclusion during a speech at Trump’s rally and asked the Daily Wire host why the Left is outraged about Dr. Phil’s comments.
“Dr. Phil’s message is particularly inconvenient for the Left right now because Kamala Harris is the DEI candidate,” Walsh said. “I mean, she’s the first DEI presidential candidate, and we say that not just as some kind of slur. It’s true. She’s the first presidential candidate in history to be handed that position as the nominee without being voted in purely because she checked demographic boxes, not based on any merit, not because anybody wanted her.”
Walsh also said the timing of “Am I Racist?” couldn’t have been better as Americans prepare to vote between Trump and Harris in the 2024 presidential election.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
“If [Kamala] ends up in the White House, then she’s going to bring that ideology that is opposed to merit, that kills merit and puts demographics above it, and she’s going to bring that into the White House, which is not good for the country,” Walsh added.
“Am I Racist?” became the most successful release in DailyWire+ history on Monday after its huge success as the company’s first theatrical release for an in-house production. It outperformed expectations at the box office, grossing more than $12 million and debuting in the top five films in the country on its opening weekend. “Am I Racist?” also became the top-grossing documentary of the decade.
The film features Walsh going undercover in the world of diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) to expose the grift of the race hustlers profiting off people’s emotions through deception.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
