Headline:
 ‘The View’ Hosts Try To Spin Kamala’s Fox News Interview: ‘That Was Not Fair And Balanced’ 

Date:
 Oct 17, 2024 

Article Text:
 "The constant jumping in, I couldn't help but feel it's because she's a woman."
The hosts of ABC’s “The View” worked overtime on Thursday to recast Vice President Kamala Harris‘ latest interview — with Fox News anchor Bret Baier — as a win for Democrats.
Their strategy — which mirrored the strategy adopted by a number of pro-Harris accounts on X — was to attack Baier, suggesting that he was unfair and rude to the Democratic presidential nominee and arguing that he only pushed back on her because she’s a woman.
Sunny Hostin was first to lodge her complaint, saying, “He is known for doing the bidding of Fox News, but he ends his show every night as ‘fair, balanced and unafraid.’ Well, that was not fair and balanced.”
WATCH:
Faux conservative clown Alyssa Farah Griffin whines that Baier asked  "questions Fox News viewers want answers to" and lies about the clip of Trump he played. Hostin calls it "misinformation."They also decry that Baier not letting their girl filibuster/lie the entire interview. pic.twitter.com/7z30SjD4tz
— Nicholas Fondacaro (@NickFondacaro) October 17, 2024

Cohost Alyssa Farah Griffin conceded that Baier was asking questions that a number of Americans would like to see answered — and by Harris in particular — but her cohost quickly stepped on her point and went right back to complaining about Baier.
Sara Haines claimed that Harris — who responded to each question by rambling until she found a good point on which to pivot and attack former President Donald Trump — had “held her own” and argued that Baier’s attempts to keep Harris on track amounted to sexism.
“The constant jumping in, I couldn’t help but feel it’s because she’s a woman,” she said.
WATCH:
Staunchly racist Sunny Hostin lashed out at Dana Perino, suggesting she was racist because she criticized Harris's interview performance: "Perino offered this very predictable assessment…Harris came in hot and then got angrier…The angry black woman trope." pic.twitter.com/xD6dVpZ9mo
— Nicholas Fondacaro (@NickFondacaro) October 17, 2024

Hostin lashed out at “America’s Newsroom” anchor Dana Perino — who conceded that Harris may have landed at least a few shots on Trump during the interview — and complained that her analysis was ultimately racist.
“Perino offered this very predictable assessment … Harris came in hot and then got angrier. … The angry black woman trope,” Hostin complained.
The hosts of “The View” were not alone in their complaints about Baier, although they were primarily joined by far-Left politicians and media personalities like former Senator Claire McCaskill (D-MO).
“I figured @BretBaier would be tough. I didn’t think he would be downright rude and disrespectful. The VP did great. She is strong. He is scared,” McCaskill said.
I figured @BretBaier would be tough. I didn’t think he would be downright rude and disrespectful.  The VP did great. She is strong. He is scared.
— Claire McCaskill (@clairecmc) October 16, 2024

But even as Democrats complained that Baier was especially tough on Harris because she was a woman, video surfaced of Baier interviewing former President Trump — and arguably being much harder on him.
WATCH:
Remember last year when Bret Baier grilled Donald Trump and interrupted him 20+ times in a twenty minute interview?
Far harsher treatment than he gave Kamala, but only now is the media accusing him of a disgusting "ambush." pic.twitter.com/R5Kv0buuhB
— Cabot Phillips (@cabot_phillips) October 17, 2024

Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
