Headline:
 Top Bloomberg Editor Calls Out Kamala For Declining Interview 

Date:
 Oct 15, 2024 

Article Text:
 Trump showed up.
Bloomberg Editor-in-Chief John Micklethwait declared on Tuesday that Vice President Kamala Harris is “so far” dodging an interview about her economic policies three weeks before Election Day.
The top journalist made the comment at the beginning of an interview with Harris’ rival in the 2024 presidential race, former President Donald Trump, at the Economic Club of Chicago.
“Just for the record and those people watching on television, the Economic Club of Chicago and Bloomberg both invited Vice President Harris to a similar interview about her economic plans — she has declined so far,” Micklethwait said.
Unlike President Trump, Kamala Harris has DECLINED to speak about her economic plans at the Economic Club of Chicago:
“The Economic Club of Chicago and Bloomberg both invited Vice President Harris to a similar interview about her economic plans — she has declined so far.” pic.twitter.com/N1Uzml0xg1
— Conservative War Machine (@WarMachineRR) October 15, 2024

Harris was similarly called out over the weekend by Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff for refusing to do an interview with his magazine, TIME, as Trump and President Joe Biden — before he dropped out of the 2024 election — had done.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
“Despite multiple requests, TIME has not been granted an interview with Kamala Harris — unlike every other Presidential candidate,” he said on X. “We believe in transparency and publish each interview in full. Why isn’t the Vice President engaging with the public on the same level?”
Still, Harris has begun to ramp up her interview schedule in the final weeks before Election Day after largely ducking the press early in her campaign and facing claims that she struggles without a teleprompter.
The shift comes as polling shows Harris and Trump in a close race. However, Trump has the “edge” on top issues in swing states, The Wall Street Journal reported last week, and he is surging ahead in betting markets.
Harris recently participated in a slew of relatively friendly interviews, including ABC’s “The View,” Sirius XM radio host Howard Stern, late-night host Stephen Colbert on CBS, and Alex Cooper’s podcast “Call Her Daddy.”
Another interview with CBS News’ “60 Minutes” drew controversy because the network deceptively edited remarks from Harris, leading to calls for more transparency and an investigation. Harris has interviews with radio host Charlamagne Tha God and Fox News scheduled this week.
During his interview at the Economic Club of Chicago, Trump defended his sweeping plan to implement tariffs on imports after Micklethwait noted it would have a “massive” effect on the economy.
Interviewer: You're talking about 10-20% tariffs on the rest of the world. That is going to have a serious effect on the rest of the economy.
President Trump: "I agree it's going to have a massive effect — positive effect… it must be hard for you to spend 25 years talking… pic.twitter.com/zyb1GfXCTi
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) October 15, 2024

“I agree it’s going to have a massive effect — positive effect … it must be hard for you to spend 25 years talking about tariffs as being negative and then have somebody explain to you that you’re totally wrong,” Trump said.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
