Headline:
 ‘Totally Incompetent’: Trump Reiterates Call For Kamala To Take Cognitive Test After Fox Interview 

Date:
 Oct 17, 2024 

Article Text:
 Harris was pressed on her record for nearly 30 minutes by Bret Baier.
Former President Donald Trump again called for Vice President Kamala Harris to have a cognitive test after her combative interview with Fox News host Bret Baier on Wednesday.
In reaction to the interview, Trump criticized Harris for pivoting to attack him when asked about her policy positions. Baier’s interview with Harris lasted nearly 30 minutes as he pressed her on issues from the border crisis to what she would do differently from President Joe Biden.
Trump praised Baier and criticized Harris’s record on illegal immigration on Truth Social after the pre-taped interview aired.
“Great job by Bret Baier in his Interview with Lyin’ Kamala Harris. She has a massive and irredeemable case of TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME – So bad, in fact, that she is barely able to talk about any subject other than the man who had the best economy ever, the strongest border in history, and who just got the UNANIMOUS ENDORSEMENT OF THE U.S. Border Patrol, ME! Their Endorsement was a TREMENDOUS HONOR!!! They said that Comrade Kamala did a terrible job, the absolute worst in memory, and can’t be allowed to do it again,” he posted.
In the same post, he called for Harris to have a cognitive test, echoing a call on Sunday when he said Harris had “slow and lethargic” answers during interviews.
“She is also the WORST Vice President in history, but hopefully will soon be GONE,” Trump said Wednesday. “Again, congratulations to Bret Baier on a tough but very fair interview, one that clearly showed how totally incompetent Kamala is. For the good of our Nation, her inferior Cognitive ability must be tested at once!”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
Baier asked Harris about her campaign slogan: “It’s time to turn the page.”
“So what are you turning the page from?” he asked, noting that the Biden-Harris administration has been in charge for more than three years.
“Well, first of all, turning the page from the last decade in which we have been burdened with the kind of rhetoric coming from Donald Trump that has been designed and implemented to divide our country and have Americans literally point fingers at each other, rhetoric and an approach to leadership that suggests that the strength of a leader is based on who you beat down instead of what we all know. The strength of leadership is based on who you lift up,” Harris replied.
Harris was also pressed on the record number of illegal immigrants who entered the United States under the Biden-Harris administration’s watch, her handling of Biden’s apparent cognitive decline, and her economic proposals.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
