Headline:
 WATCH: Kamala Voters Say Trump Supporters Are ‘Nazis,’ Want Trump In Prison 

Date:
 Nov 3, 2024 

Article Text:
 'You committed treason, and we hate your ever f***ing guts.'
WASHINGTON, D.C.—As Vice President Kamala Harris made a final electoral appeal to the nation, her supporters doubled down on extreme rhetoric, calling former President Donald Trump and his supporters Nazis and fascists.
“If he wins in November it will be the birth of the American Nazi Party with him at the top of it,” Bill Wood told The Daily Wire outside Harris’s Tuesday speech at the Ellipse. “He’s going to take anybody who disagrees with him and put them in jail, and from there, he’s going to deport them out of the United States altogether.”
“Trump is nothing but a dictator, he wants to subvert our democracy,” said Marc Petitpierre, who traveled to the rally from West Virginia. “He’s a damn Nazi! He’s a fascist! Of course he is!” Petitpierre responded when asked his thoughts about Democrat vice presidential candidate Tim Walz’s comparison of Trump with Nazis.
WATCH: Our @SpencerLndqst went to a Kamala Harris rally to see whether her supporters really think Trump is the next Hitler. And they do.
“If he wins in November, it will be the birth of the American Nazi party” pic.twitter.com/jpUFfKgUZ3
— Daily Wire (@realDailyWire) November 3, 2024

“I think he wants to basically turn this into a white Christian nation, which it is not,” another attendee said of Trump’s motives, before saying that she isn’t concerned that the heated rhetoric could inspire more violence against the former president.
“I think it is a totally reasonable assumption,” she said of claims that Trump is a Nazi. “I mean, Elon Musk is wearing a ‘Make America Great Again’ hat in the Nazi font,” she continued, referring to Trump’s rally at Madison Square Garden. “That was definitely the vibe there, it was frightening and disgusting.”
“I hope he goes to prison. I think he should go to prison,” she added. “I think he’s a full fascist authoritarian.”
One man said that both Trump and his supporters were Nazis.
“You committed treason, and we hate your ever f***ing guts,” he said of people who vote for Trump, adding that the Republican presidential contender “wants to destroy all life on earth.”
“They don’t get to be the Nazis on our street. They don’t get to turn our police into, you know, they’re Gestapo. F*** them,” the man said. “If they want to bring on the violence, America, we’ll kick their ass.”
When asked what his final message would be, he remarked “love wins in the end.”
During her speech, Harris called Trump a “petty tyrant” and a “wannabe dictator,” and compared her opponent to King George III. Shortly after Trump narrowly escaped death at the hands of a would-be assassin in Butler, Pennsylvania in July, President Joe Biden urged Americans to “lower the temperature” in politics.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
