Headline:
 WATCH: Michael Knowles Gives Eight Reasons Why Not To Vote For Kamala 

Date:
 Nov 4, 2024 

Article Text:
 'The establishment media have done their best to cover up the many historic failures of the Biden-Harris administration. But we have the receipts.'
Daily Wire host Michael Knowles exposes the failures, the fatal disasters, and the just plain “weird” happenings of the Biden-Harris presidency in his damning 10-minute election recap.
From the border crisis and botched withdrawal from Afghanistan to spying on Catholics and cross-dressing admin officials stealing women’s luggage, Knowles takes a “trip down memory lane” for any voter still unsure of how to vote this cycle.
The Biden-Harris Presidency EXPOSED In 10 Mins pic.twitter.com/kKx8x9MdM7
— The Michael Knowles Show (@MKnowlesShow) November 2, 2024
“Election Day is almost here, and it has been a crazy three and a half years that led us to this point,” Knowles says. “The establishment media have done their best to cover up the many historic failures of the Biden-Harris administration. But we have the receipts.”
Here are the eight craziest.

1. The Border Crisis
Knowles detailed how Biden and Harris nullified former President Donald Trump’s border policies within hours of being sworn in, and later ended Trump’s vital “Remain in Mexico” policy.
“The result has been the worst migration crisis in U.S. history,” Knowles said, noting that the crisis directly led to numerous high-profile crimes, including the murders of Laken Riley, Rachel Morin, and 12-year-old Jocelyn Nungaray. Additionally, about 200,000 Americans have died from fentanyl overdoses.

2. Vaccine Mandates
The Biden-Harris administration mandated the COVID vaccine for federal workers and tried to extend the mandate to some private sector companies. The Daily Wire sued over that mandate, and won at the Supreme Court, invalidating the order.

3. The Afghanistan Debacle
Seven months into the Biden-Harris presidency, the administration “botched the pullout from Afghanistan, a decision that left 13 U.S. servicemen dead, and surrendered more than $7 billion worth of military equipment to the Taliban, which quickly retook control of Afghanistan, squandering two decades of American involvement in the region,” Knowles recalled.
Harris has since bragged about being the “last person in the room” with Biden when he made the decision to pull out.

4. Wars And Chaos Everywhere
Knowles also explained the moves from the Biden-Harris administration that allowed Russian President Vladimir Putin to invade Ukraine.
“Hundreds of thousands of people killed, and upwards of three-quarters of a million wounded in a war funded by $64.1 billion of U.S. taxpayer money,” he said.
Under Biden and Harris, the United States also watched “as China flew a spy balloon over U.S. territory for eight days straight,” Knowles noted. The admin also gave Iran access to $16 billion in previously frozen assets, which Knowles called “a favor Iran repaid a few months later on October 7, when its proxies attacked Israel, murdering 1,139 people, including 46 Americans.”

5. A Bad Economy
On the economy, Knowles explained how the ironically-named Inflation Reduction Act actually “exacerbated inflation,” driving it up a total of 20%. He also points out that U.S. debt has increased substantially under Biden and Harris.

6. Creepy Staffers
Moving on to the “just plain odd,” Knowles recalled how Sam Brinton, the Biden-Harris “nuclear waste guru” was “arrested for stealing women’s clothing at airports.” Dialing up their commitment to LGBT ideology, the administration also declared Easter Sunday a “Transgender Day of Visibility” in 2024, and mandated schools permit males into female spaces if they identify as transgender.

7. Persecuting Religious Believers
Knowles also highlighted the Biden-Harris administration’s “spying” on traditional Catholic parishes, lying about that spying, and targeting concerned parents at school board meetings.

8. Harris Covering Up Biden’s Decline
Closing the video, Knowles reminded viewers of Democrats, including Harris, lying about Biden’s obvious mental decline for years — until the president’s debate performance was so bad, the Democrat party machine replaced him with Harris, who did not win a single primary vote.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
