Headline:
 ‘Where The F*** Were You?’: Emhoff Says Kamala Berated Him For Being In Spin Class When Biden Dropped Out 

Date:
 Oct 16, 2024 

Article Text:
 The Vice President was formerly accused of mistreating staff in the California Attorney General's office
During a podcast appearance on Tuesday, Second Gentleman Doug Emhoff said that his wife, Vice President Kamala Harris, berated him and cursed at him for being at a spin class when President Joe Biden dropped out of the election.
Emhoff, who reportedly hit an ex-girlfriend in the face, had an affair with a nanny and made her get an abortion, and allegedly favored young, attractive women at work, made the comments against his wife on the Dan Le Batard Show.
Le Batard told Emhoff that the Second Gentlemen had previously said “communication is key,” but pointed out that Harris couldn’t communicate with her husband on the day Biden announced he would no longer seek re-election.
“You were busy in spin class, right?” Le Batard asked as Emhoff nodded and laughed.
“That was right,” Emhoff said, smiling. “So, it was… I was in L.A… It was during that weekend when all the planes were down because of the software glitch, so I had to spend an extra day in L.A.”
“I decided to go to a cycling class with some friends,” he continued. “And it was an hour class and we were just chit chatting. And I had my phone in the secret service car so I didn’t have my phone. And then my friend’s partner just showed me his phone with the letter from President Biden and I’m like ‘gotta go.’”
“And I just ran into the car, and there was my phone literally like you could feel the steam,” he continued. “Seven or eight messages, all with, you know, ‘Where are you?’ Call Kamala, call Kamala. And it was a one minute or less conversation, which started with, ‘Where the f*** were you? I need you right now’ and basically, ‘Get to work.’ And I did.”
NEW: Doug Emhoff says his wife Kamala cussed at him and told him to “get to work” when Joe Biden dropped out of the race because he was in a spin class.
Emhoff says his wife, who once forced staff to refer to her as ‘The General,’ was fuming when he missed her call.
“I just ran… pic.twitter.com/dkQEBNCwnx
— Collin Rugg (@CollinRugg) October 15, 2024

In August, a 2019 op-ed from Terry McAteer, a former Nevada County Superintendent of Schools in California, described his son’s experience in Harris’ Attorney General office. Just one month in Harris’ office traumatized the young man, who decided to leave and intern in then-Sen. Diane Feinstein’s office instead.
McAteer asserted that Harris regularly dropped “‘F-bombs’ and other profanity constantly in her berating of staff and others.” He said Harris’ staff was “in complete fear of her” and were instructed to stand every morning when she entered the office and tell her: “Good Morning General.”
McAteer said Harris never introduced herself to his son and other staff were too afraid of her to introduce him. His son’s only acknowledgement from Harris came in a form letter signed by Harris given to him on his last day in the office. The son was also instructed never to speak to Harris or look in her eyes – “as that privilege was only allowed to senior staff members.”
Around the same time the op-ed resurfaced, Emhoff admitted to cheating on his first wife with the babysitter and impregnating her.
“During my first marriage, Kerstin and I went through some tough times on account of my actions,” Emhoff said in a statement following the original report from The Daily Mail. “I took responsibility, and in the years since, we worked through things as a family and have come out stronger on the other side.”
In early October, Emhoff was accused of hitting his ex-girlfriend in the face at a high-profile event because he thought she was flirting with another man, The Daily Wire previously reported.
Three friends of the woman described the incident, which allegedly occurred in 2012. Emhoff has not denied the incident, but called it “a distraction” during a recent interview.
Former colleagues have also accused Emhoff of favoring attractive women in the workplace and punishing those who wouldn’t flirt with him, The Daily Wire reported.
This article has been updated to correctly identify Terry McAteer’s job description.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
